glad youre doing great op. youre now the top post of all time on this subreddit. who would have guessed wholesome rroastme would be our most popular post. i edited your flair. take care of yourself. thread in question if youre ootlhttpswww.reddit.comrroa
sometimes the line between life and suicide is as thin as your hair. stay strong dude. 
your support is amazing i feel like i can actually be roasted this time. dont hold back.
this goes against the rules of the sub and its essence. yall being so fucking nice. but fuck it cheers op 3 youre a wholesome meme now ophttpswww.reddit.comrwholesomememescommentsalt3m7rroastmerefusetoroastaguysufferingfrom
you look like the guy i know that went to get help and got better.
no i and most others refuse. you may seem on the surface as if youre just being edgy but there is no life in those eyes. i can only hope you are joking and if not that you get better. dont delete this post. know who you have to talk to in a time of need.
you are required to make a video on youtube in regards to this rroastme post commenting on the comments with hila. or else we will be forced to remove this post and ban you from our sub. not really but pls
your relationship is stable because thats where you met hila
i turn on adblock for your videos. edit thank you uosamayomomma for popping my reddit gold cherry.
we consider linking to user accounts on external websites to be a form of doxxing.im banning anyone who links to her instagram account. dont do it.
your implants and cry for attention on here only highlight what you and everyone else already suspect. you are insecure.likely your insecurity stems from always questioning if you really ever earned anything by merit. most people probably hand you things
are exs allowed to post. well here it goesyou wish you were a real actress so people couldnt see right through you. you look like your major in college was gold digging. you might be able to marry rich if you knew what to do with a dick when you see one.
hi rall. make sure you subscribe and treat yourself by posting your roast. you wont will regret it. do read our rules before posting if you want your post to get approved. 
dont most people ask people to roast them. isnt this consensual cyberbullying.
my daughter was bullied online.but roasting is consensual.whats google going to do about this.etc.
is your barber disabled too.
it looks like your chances of growing old are real slim and shady.
your eyes are jealous at your feet because they are together all the time.
fingers so fat you wrote 24 instead of 44
you look like if al yankovic actually listened to his own lyrics in eat it
how did you get a picture of deadpool printed on a tent.
we dont care lady.you were amusement for a day now its the next day.but i imagine youre used to that.
the best roast would be to not give her attention at all.
it doesnt matter what you say. this will go down in the history of reddit as the great roast
i hope you like your new flair. oh and i thought id add a post flair too.
if mlk had a nightmare.
posting on rroastme eh. truly the sign of a channel thats thriving
i thought twitch thots were supposed to have big tits
you look like you vape but also need an inhaler.
you look like ed sheeran fucked kermit
more like dessert storm
i assume your ptsd stems from having to go a full deployment without cinnabon.edit thanks for the silver gold and platinum medals.  now the op can finally see what it looks like for someone to be awarded for their service.
you look like somebody rolled a spoon of mayonnaise in pubic hair.
wow you came so close to seeing what life is like from her perspective. can you imagine not feeling anything below the waist.  count your blessings man 
your girlfriends making you do this. what do you even need a back brace for if youre spineless. 
at least your girlfriend was kind enough to hold the roast me sign for you. 
are you honestly all fucking kidding me.httppuu.shum99y.png. you guys really need to read the rules. because this doesnt break any. you may post on behalf of other people. the picture is not photoshopped unless someone wants to offer up irrefutable proof
looks like you cut your own hair.
damn dude grow a pair. of anything. 
ive been here for a while but ive never seen a user roast them self in their own title as hard as you did. friendly reminder guys lets keep this friendly some comments on this have been nasty and i dont want to have to lock it.
compared to the paintings behind you your face is still the most abstract thing on this picture. 
hey man i think you accidentally got some floor under your garbage 
you look like if you dont find your glass slipper by midnight you will turn into a crack pipe for eternity. 
you look like something they would base a whole episode of xfiles on.
didnt know you could pull off the look of a bald dude and an anorexic girl at the same time
what rehab did you guys meet at.
your bf looks like hed rather be overdosing in a dive bar. i dont blame him.
who do you think is going to find a boyfriend faster after you guys break up. 
damn what happened to the finding nemo girl.
to molest little girl one must become little girl
are you going to donate your breasts to breast cancer survivors. 
do you masturbate with only one hand so you can moan with the other. 
the fact you are deaf isnt the only reason you have never heard someone say you are pretty 
call the ada makeup tutorials need closed captioning.
if you take those glasses off you know that nose is coming off with them.
the only thing they say behind your back is am i doing this right. dont worry i wont tell my parents.
teaching can be rough.keep your chins up
you look like the kind of guy whod actually buy one of those targeted tshirts advertised on facebook with skulls on them. im a november guy.i have anger issues and am allergic to stupid people.i beat my life partner but he knows i love him anyway.edit wo
your face says you may have done time. the collectibles say you were definitely the bottom of your cell block.edit thanks for the silver.
to the tune of be our guestim a mess im a messand id bet youd never guessthat my wife is the bread winner and i get fucked while in a dress.im so mad. so i say.its just all that pent up gay.while my wife just wants a spooningto my grindr ill be swooninge
she could ring a doorbell from the sidewalk.
with fingers like that lesbians call her hung. my first gold. thrice. thank you so much gold givers. and also all you upvoters. all over a roastme. who knew. seriously cheers everyone. 
you might not have to worry about her ex boyfriends but there is no way you can go deeper than when she fingers herself
your armpit has more cleavage than you.
1. tattoo on the fore arm. check2. nose and likely other piercings. check3. slightly curled hair that masks that dull personality. checkcongratulations. youve just qualified for the innocent step sister catagory on pornhub. 
the nose ring fits your cow eyes very wellthanks for gold. ill invest it in a cow bell for op
baking a gingerbread house doesnt count as building your own home. 
you look as sharp as your jaw line.
never seen a piece of paper held like fried chicken before. 
depressed mode
my compliments to the dog filter on your phone.
i honestly dont know what age ethnicity or gender you are. youre the person that would make any police sketch artist want to retire.
is this another one of those videos where a guy is living in a storage unit.
this is the kind of guy that thinks he looks good in a speedo.
you look like aquamans retarded brother
congrats on getting the most liked post on instagram
looks like humpty dumpty survived the fall.tragic.
i read that as  i have no penis and was only reassured by the photo 
 my girlfriend why would you admit that.
your hair says you just had sex your face says thats impossible. 
fuck you for shooting up that movie theater
she left a giant pussy for a more manageable one.  
left you for another woman 
in all fairness her relationship with you wasnt a resounding affirmation of her attraction to masculinity. so this is not a huge surprise.
you look like one of seth macfarlanes throwaway characters. 
i dont get why you would say something as vague as asian and then as specific as scottish 
the only thing stopping your asian parent from aborting you was your scottish parent wanting a daughter to abuse. 
how do you have both dumb and dumber haircuts.
it looks like youve put in as much effort on your hair as your dna did in producing your face.
a little more makeup a little less teeth and youd fit right in at meth motel
your false eyelashes arent glued on correctly towards the inner corner of your left eye. 
its a good thing you didnt become a nurse. i dont think they give happy endings. 
thank you for breaking through that stereotype about asians looking younger than they are
i see you included your afternoon snack behind you in the photo.
everyones already made fun of your weight so i figured i should pick something else. whered your eyebrows go. did you eat them. wait. fuck. 
willy wonka is missing agustus gloop.
ok go get the dude you lost to and well  roast him
im guessing he has to bring this up to everyone he meets
roast a championwears a silver medal.
your face is so greasy some of it got on the paper.
it says roast me in braille.
deleted
itll be the biggest disappointment theyve ever had next to finding out you were a girl.  
working in a nail salon is also a fine profession.
your shirt says blow but your face says it wont be worth the 7
whyd it take you three years to check back in.  its not like youre employable or anything.
you are what every parent fears their child will become 
im going to pierce and tattoo my face so i can be different. ironically looks like everyone else in the unemployment line
sad to see that macaulay culkin has had a relapse. get well soon.
smiling because she wont leave because you feed her meth addiction. stay classy i guess.
this is the first time ive wished some people didnt vaccinate.
you look like you could be your boyfriend
probably cause your bf knows youre offended by everything.
did your parents make you on a wii.
i guess dressing as a doctor to sneak into a urologists office and offer free prostate exams is technically considered acting.
you mean thecaveman from geico commercial.
started from the bottom youre still there
mate you look like someone kicked a meatball through a barbers floor 
the library was full before you entered
feels like theres just no light at the end of the tunnel but i assure you there is. from my own experience dont underestimate the power of a decent break during a hard studying session  and a good nights sleep. therell come a day when you never do anothe
why didnt you swallow the third lightbulb .edit  woah . first platinum and gold and silver .           thank yall .
how pissed were your parents when you chose to take your jared touched me settlement money in free subway sandwiches instead of actual money.
you sweat entire meatballs.
well you certainly cant hide your drugs in your bras. 
congratulations. youre the first two girls in history where sex with one of you would actually be preferable to sex with both of you.
you both look like you cant keep a boyfriend much longer than you keep a meal down.
the look of a man so deeply trapped inside the friend zone that even secretly cumming into her curried coconut quinoa doesnt dampen the emotional agony of hearing her being railed through the wall by better looking more woke hipsters with better beards e
rolling a couch into a subway terminal does not make you roommates. 
i cant tell which one of you doesnt pay rent
another roastee that has a change of heart after they post. 
how can someone have a neckbeard while not having a neck
update i lived. i can get started on the new tenacious d album right away.
we arent your grandmother you dont have to call him friend 
you look like the gay couple in school that dont actually like each other but you stay together because youre the only two openly gay guys. 
social media symbiosis when a black and a gay dude became friends so that they cant be called a homophobic or a racist
running 5 twitter accounts doesnt count as exercise.
you look like you put band aids on your nipples and rip them out to feel something 
you look like someone who thinks the pornhub ads are talking to them.
you look like an npc with about 2 voicelines
she looks like the netflix default profile icon
more like chromosome collector
just tell us the name of the porn. we dont care about the characters background.
it looks like you kidnapped her when she was 11 and raised her as your wife. 
you look like a pair of homeless musicians who managed to sneak into an office
taking care of plants is not a suitable replacement for having friends but i think youre gonna need more plants. 
no i do not want to hear you play the ukulele
i can see the tinder bio already21 vegan atheist bisexual studying lgbtq studies love cats. so you must too. im just a free spirited soul looking for a mate.must love life and hate trump. bernie2020. if youre here for hookups swipe left. only here for fr
did your mom ever get a backstage pass for the rolling stones.
if they had you on board when the titanic sunk they could have used your bottom lip as a inflatable dinghy to save all passangers plus their baggage
dont worry. she will never forget her older brother. look out for her
uawildsketchappeared is better
i liked you a lot more when i didnt know what you looked like
congratulations on lowering the bar on what the term celebrity entails. 
you look like the type of guy that puts full time activist on resumes
do i win if i say lesbian coffee barista.
harry potter and the sneaky uncle. 
when does puberty start in russia 25.
number of chernobyl radiation related birthdefects were clearly underreported in russia
arent gays killed in russia.
the animals have no expectations or standards.  of course you like them.
how are you holding the paper up with your toe.edit thanks for the silver.
you crave human attention enough to post this and also post pics of your naked body from the same account youre welcome guys yet you claim to like animals more than people. is it just because the animals actually give you attention back because they dont
you look the type of girl that always has to start sucking a soft dick. 
dont be sad you are exactly where you would be with a culinary degree you just have less debt
you look like how warm milk tastes.
stuart little in his human form
this is what a crap live action remake of arthur would look like
its that nerdy guy from the polar express.
cancer only takes the good ones
never seen anyone look so young and so old at the same time
dude looks like someone from the incredibles universe
glad to see youre distracted by rroastme instead of chatting up 13 year old girls online
hey its macs mom.gordon ramsay called hed like his scalp back.
how many divorces have you been through 
posting your sister is just roasting yourself if youre carrying those fuck ugly genetics too. edit wow this took off. op i hope you know its all fun and games you and your sister have 25 beautiful chromosomes. 
looks like shes waiting for nemo to flop into her fish bowl.
you have enough metal in your mouth to supply england in ww2.
deleted
is the straight thing part of your act. 
text says straight mouth says ill suck you off for friendship. 
a dying fetus shirt goes well with a beard that looks like a rotten umbilical cord.  
if your eyes were any closer together you could get away with one lenseedit thanks for the silvers kind internet strangers
if i pull hard on your beard braid will your eyes touch each other.
why do you try so desperately to look hardass when youre so clearly living at your grandmas house.
if jesus was basic.
celibate. why. did the price of roofies go up.
gap implies that theres something on the other side.
youre the kinda girl thats dudes call when their backup girl is busy.
its not a gap year. its unemployment.
if avril lavigne injected testosterone 
you look like your tinder profile would say something about your kids being your whole world and youre ready to settle down with a safe bet loser provider whom youll have semienthusiastic pity sex for the first couple months before you start texting your
take out the nose ring its distracting your eyes
you look like a cheese puff with a conviction
you dont need to wear a high visibility color like orange. we can definitely see you. 
please maam. may i dm you maam.  this guy
turning 18 doesnt decrease your chances of dying a virgin.edit hey strangers. thanks for the reddit silver. 
no your forehead turned 18 your body still looks 12
jimmy aspergers neutron.
im only 59 but can still easily look down on you
your name being john is by far the most interesting thing about you.
i think we both know that no one asked you anything today. 
looks like your eyes were russian to get away from one another 
another example of russians interfering with our erections.
how much does it cost to return a mail order bride.
its actually odd to see an attractive female on one of these. shame the moose on the right lets you down. 
built an off grid cabin in hawaii translated moved to hawaii with no plan am now living in a 7 year olds treehouse 
whaddya know a lesbian couple loves cats.
to be perfectly honest theres not much with which to roast you physically. but your posting history shows a yearly trip here since youre elegible for it and including the hentai part just seems like it adds to your whole desperate reach for attention thi
natalie porkmanedit much regards to the benefactor of my very first silver. 
rroastme has the only dudes that would willingly tear you to shreds.
alright yall finally got me.  maybe there is more than 2 genders.
man hathaway 
the high point in your life so far appears to be somewhere in your eyebrows.
that feeble moustache makes him look even more like his mother. 
you look like a guy who jerks off next to your sisters bedroom as she gets railed by her boyfriend. edit wow thank you so much for the silver 
fuck your friend looks like he sold a dead parrot to a blind kid 
damn im moving to chile if thats going to be my stiffest competition. 
you shouldve stayed in the mines.
who is sticking his finger in that guys ass.
5 years from nowall my friends got married. i feel left out.
all black doesnt hide the fact that puberty skipped you like spotify. 
clearance aisle zendaya. 
you look like violet from willy wonkas chocolate factory if she swapped gum for meth
you somehow simultaneously have too much hair and yet you look like youll be bald in 5 years. 
ha ha im so quirky i hold my signs upside down and cut my hair to look like thing 1 and thing 2 p
at least ur hair follicles got the day off today
you look like you apologize after every sneeze.
the grad student that has been working on his thesis for 8 years and has been almost done for 4.
you look like youre about to give a poison apple to someone prettier than you
its a few decades early but sure get the cats. youve earned it
its rare to see things make up couldnt fix nowadays.
you think very highly of yourself if you have any self esteem at all.
if your eyebrows were any further apart theyd be sideburns. 
dont worry all dogs go to heaven.
you look like your body pillow would press charges
youre secretly stoked that you now have a tee shirt that makes it seem like you like sports and have friends. 
removed
if bob ross saw those eyebrows on his canvas hed scrape them right off and say something about how its always ok to try again.
you look like the bathtub drain at a frathouse.
your eyebrows and moustache can swap shifts if they need to
wait the cook or the rat.
in ratatouille the guy gets the girl youll have to settle for just the rat.
honestly ive been listening to the harry potter audiobooks. youre exactly who i picture ron weasley to look like if id never seen the movies. 
if you pick up a magic lamp and whisper tgi fridays assistant manager you suddenly appear 
i cant see your legs but i know for a fact you are wearing khakis.
your life isnt that wonderful.  that room tells me that youre clearly an alcoholic and you drink shit beer.  maybe stop wasting your money on shit like that apple watch and you could afford some clothes that dont come from walmart and get someone other t
shave your hair and you got yourself a 12 year old fortnite player
it frightens me that from the perspective of this picture i seem to be slightly above you but can still see up your nose.
i cant even think of anything to say. youre the blandest looking person ive ever seen. youre like a human rice cake.
your star sign your personality your brain after all the hair dye soaks in.plenty of things about you are cancer.
no way that tsa would let those bags through.
probably wouldnt be a good idea to wear that sweater anywhere near a black light 
if lara croft was on the edge of self harm
you again. go away. find another personality. 
you look like you cry enough already 
even the floor under you didnt want to be touched by youedit thank you for all the silvers. 
your mom mustve had one tight ass vagina 
you look like you have to wear skis in the shower so you dont get washed down the drain. 
no parents are going to be proud of raising dimeadozen hipster driftwood. hopefully they have another child or a really smart dog. 
make my parents proudhey its not okay to pass your failed work on to someone else.
writing on black paper doesnt stop you from being a basic ass white girl 
if you trimmed those split ends off youd be bald.
this is the type of chick to hit you up because your zodiac signs are compatible and then give you a toothy blowjob and ghost you after that 
she looks like shes the lead in a version of 50 shadesof grey where the guy decides he would rather just be friends.
even the mods roasted you.
youre going to make some fat guy really happy with below average sex one day.
your user name says uimstilltrying but your face says you gave up long ago
wow even your handwriting is loud and obnoxious
who are you.
i dunno. id hate to see you cry like you do in every single fucking milestone video you post to boost your massive ego.
i dont know why people are talking about your age difference and everything. typically its a normal practice to have multiple grades in one special ed classroom. 
the five kids everyone looks at during the antibullying assembly.
bluecoat is the brains distributes leaked celebrity nudes on dvd onlyredshirt is the muscle always asks people to dare him to eat dog foodmaroon sweater still has screentime limits at home only in the pic to get his dvd from bluecoatblacksweater is their
the beard says 19 the hairline says 49.
please stay away from my childrensincerelyall parents. 
your hairline and your father share a common thread they both left you at an early age.
if you were anymore generic youd be on a walmart shelf.
this sounds like an origin story for a backroom casting couch audition. edit thanks for the silver.
on the upside bad things happen in threes. you have posted twice so far so i figure one more time and you will piss off.
ive never seen anyone allergic to their own face. 
then he got an idea. an awful idea. the grinch got a wonderful awful idea.
kim carcrashianedit thanks for the silver.
seeing as you went from rrateme to  rbiggerthanithought to rroastme confirms that none of my roasts will hurt more than your insecurity 
nothing says insecurity like asking the internet to roast you but still hiding your face behind a snapchat filter. 
your left eye is spying on your right eye
your face says isis but your shirt says forever 21.
everyones mentioning you have a beard well whats her name.
you look like youre in the middle of filming a slightly gayer version of 300.
your child will be taking the same picture in 16 short years
hows the fathers mix tape. im sure thats all youll hear from him
surprisingly welllit photo for being taken in a trailer. 
men were jumping overboard the last time something this large hit the ice 
my doctor has the same type 2 diabetes awareness poster in his office.
you look like even canada rejected you
if only your iq was as high as the number of hours youve neglected your daughter
im not sure the mods have big enough quotations for celebrity
you cant take a roast on twitter how the hell can you on reddit.
even your depression is taking a break from you. 
next up getting rid of all my classmates.
you have the unique quality of looking both like a nazi as well as someone a nazi would want to eliminate.
carrot bottom. 
homeschool shooter
you look like you shoot up in the school bathroom.
you look like the figure skating version of peyton manning.
good that confidence will help you when you go bald in two years. 
you look like the reason why college campuses give out whistles. 
removed
if youre underweight then theres not enough c4 in your vest
kiddah singh. im lebanese and i lived in west london once and there was a massive indian community. lived there for 33 years seen many many sikhs went to school with them and even good friends with many. in 33 years never seen a pendu as ugly as you.
you look like lara croft if she only raided the fridge
pornhub starting the april fools jokes early 
im sure the other sarah jay would be more upset about people confusing her with you.
too bad the child has to wait to walk out on you too
you only posted this to let more people know youre a vegan.
a 23 year old single vegan probably art student mother. maam you may have roasted society.
it looks less like she left and more like she managed to escape.
your hair seems to be next thing leaving you. 
at least your addiction can keep you company
working as a barista is your only shot to ever grind a bean.
even your stomach is trying to get away from you
why are you wasting your potential as a barista. with those tits you could get a job working at hooters. 
you look like youd sue the prince who saved you for sexual harassment 
never seen anyone with a mouth smaller than both their nose and their eyes. 
you couldnt give head to a toothpick. 
more people will see these comments here than on your tv show 
your writers are so bad youve got to fish on reddit for content.
the producers spent hours decorating those shelves yet tossed you in a hoodie because the shelves will still be there next season. 
you have a face for podcasts
i look forward to watching your version of toy story.
a degree in animation eh. you must either really enjoy being a barista or really enjoy disappointing your parents. either way at least itll give you something to talk about to your 3 listeners.
youve got the look michael jackson was going for. 
guy gadot
you truly have the face of an ottoman not the people the furniture. 
also looks like he snorts glue for a living
that whiskeys probably older than your girlfriend
you look like wheres waldo pre rehab 
greatest guards ever not even a toothbrush can get in. edit thanks everyone. 
did he shave with a drone strike.
why is your weight listed above your head.
thats the biggest penis vein i have ever seen.
im probably going to hang up on you one day.
osama bin bullied
you are much uglier than the other two. you know who you are.
shit.this is a expert level marry fuck kill
likes cats loves horses hates men
he looks like he has a really expensive grill that he only used once
the only thing less authentic than your mexican lunch was the look in your fathers eyes when he told you he loved you.
from his facial expression it looks like his fathers day hasnt been going that well and hes too disappointed in fatherhood generally to admit that. 
4 years of your life and that roastme sign will still be worth more than your degree.
you have the entire arsenal of history and time at your fingertips and you still chose to go with that haircut. damn.
i call bullshit on the abs of steel. looks like the entire bottle of product in your hair is probably the hardest part of your body. 
about a 100 chance you hadhave three things an emo phase a personal tumblr that you used for attention and daddy issues.edit1 thank you so much for the gold stranger. i never thought id ever get one especially for something like this thanks for making my
makeuplessconcealer light foundationsoft neutral creasefilled in eyebrowsbitch please
do you get annoyed when its ladies night at the bar and they refuse to serve you. 
all the boys be putin their dicks in your ass.
i found barb.
goes by his kgb code name ivanna suckyercockov.
shouldnt be too hard to park a new home right next to the old one. 
shouldnt you be busy tying women to train tracks. 
shame the fire didnt roast your mustache.
you look like the mario brother that cleans pipes with his mouth.
looks like youve experienced both sides of a lengthy molestation. 
your style is whats known as auschwitzcasual.
ill bet even the closet was happy to get rid of your pasty doughy face.
gay by default not by choice.edit silverx2. d
a picture should never show you on top of anything 
god help your pall bearers 
youre built like a bean bag chair
snorlax is blocking the doorway
a wet napkin across your cheek would expose you more than anyone in this comment section could.
must be a slow night on myfreewebcams.com
at least your dad isnt technically a pedophile anymore
you dont often see a pretty girl with autism. oh well. maybe tomorrow 
this picture is probably the most eye contact youve ever made 
can you delete this again
you just wasted the only page in your notebook that didnt have a draft of your suicide note. 
that nose ring is a nice replacement for the one you will never get on your finger.
i bet you cant wait to cover a 97 accord in coexist stickers 
you look like a failed youth pastor who still thinks hes cool.
you roasted yourself better than i ever could. 
you look like unhappy gilmore
she looks like i dream of genie that would come out of a cheap beer can. 
what sewer drain did you pull that hair out of.
you look like the type of girl who has nothing interesting to say except talk about shitty edm music all the time
is that your brain on the desk. it would explain the emptiness in your eyes. 
i quit trying to have sex because it was too difficult. him in 24 hours
your inability to play fortnite says youre not a virgin but your weak chin says otherwise 
this baked bean is definitely the kind that comes with mini sausages 
meth damon the high school years
youre so pasty that you threw off the cameras white balance. 
looks like mom and dad lost a drinking game too.
drinkingx200bshotgunning caprisuns
why does 1 lesbian in a couple always look like a dude
the founding fathers did not use as much foundation as you did on that alien ass face
does your face come off when it rains.
ive seen sex dolls look less fake than you
hello mate. anyone home. looks like his brain left to get a pack of cigarettes 20 years ago and his lower lip is still waiting for it to come back
he looks like his thick skin is a medical condition
looks like hes still wondering if youre taking a picture or not
honey boo boo hits her hot topic phase.
op  give me a style that says imagine danny devito as an undergrad lesbian who secretly hosts a glory hole.stylist  i got you 
i can tell from that tiny bit of cleavage that when you lie on your back your nipples touch your love handles.
the dreads say i sell.the hoodie says incel. 
you look like a rastafaian screech from saved by the bell
lil pump as a weeb.
walks into party yo where all the bird seed at.
the guillotine would love you
if hungry hungry hippo was a real person 
its not often you see people with facial hair who still have all their baby teeth 
looking at you pineaple pizza starts looking goodedit added a comma
strange choice for a last meal before you strap on that detonating vest
what i got.  a career that will last past my twenties.
despite what your uncle may have told you that isnt a normal photo pose.
youre actually an american dude thats really into bitcoin and really not into deleting comment history. 
he looks like his children are failures.
he looks like that guy that loves to talk about camping has all the clothing to go camping looks like he goes camping but the only tents he pitches are for little boys. 
ill give him this. you dont see that much ruthorford b. hayes cosplay these days.
you know if he takes those glasses off the nose is coming off with them.
captain virgin hes our hero keeping repopulation down to zero.
if you think hes ugly imagine the woman that his parents arranged for him to marry. 
i dont really like my veggies roasted
stephen hawking and willem dafoe had a kid together
woody was never the same after the accident buzz never visits 
signing a legal contract for casting couch does not make you a law student
so youve got as on your chest but not on your test aye
i assume you had to take at least 30 photos and consult at least 3 girlonly group chats before choosing this image
your parents are pissed they cant fully celebrate memorial day yet.
voted most likely to be friendly fired on purpose
youre more basic than basic training.
when youre created in gods image but he just uses the thumbnail
dont worry rollercoasters arent that much fun anyway.
how many girls have you gone up on.
im a failed comediantrust me. everyone expected you to bomb
when you meet the 72 virgins youll be the 73rd
so are you a seven eleven or nine eleven kinda guy.
ironic that someone who pretends to be so edgy on the internet is completely spherical.
you literally have the opposite of what a beard should be
official rdankmeme modseriously include that info in your post title and whats the point of roasting you any further. now i just feel bad.
lucky for you you cant see yourself in the mirror. 
you two couldnt get laid in a morgue.
mom can you pick up the ketchup at costco for my party this weekend.
for context this is erik stolhanskehttpstwitter.comerikstolhanske aka rabbit from super trooper 2httpspbs.twimg.commediadbyg58v4aecwvj.jpg. 
the shell is the second most washed up thing in this photo
you look like the guy at the end of my street who always asks me if my sister has finished school yet.
a real canadian would have apologized in advance for this picture.
too bad the only time youve had a partner is in your labs. 
turtle neck  check. turtle mouth  check.turtle nose  check.just goin fullonturt i dig it. 
do hobbits make good dungeon masters.
you look like the dude who buys weed from highschool kids
shaia lessbuff
you look like john lennons ugly sister. 
roll to seduce with disadvantage is the closest thing youll ever get to a relationship 
i bet that bush is as thick as those glasses
enjoy it while it lasts. this is the only time anyone will ever call you hot.
 currently running a 102.9 fever.you look like youre currently running a meth lab.
gonewild called they dont want you back.
when your mom told you to shine thats not what she meant.  
congratulations. you just made me instinctively left swipe.on reddit. 
if you looked different you might be kind of pretty.
are those forearm sweaters.
never skip head day
hugh jackoff
op back for round 2httpswww.reddit.comrroastmecomments7q367ufrenchcanadianlawstudentinmontrc3a9almakeme
you look like you have an agreement with your landlord. 
you look like you were supposed to be attractive but god changed his mind halfway through.
that wouldnt be a best buy even in the 1850s.
rasheed wallaces cousin recede wallace. 
they didnt put an arrow at the top of the sign because the one on his face is already doing the job.
instead of roasting you im going to make a donation to whatever disease it is that you have. 
you look like the mix of shia labeouf and a big eyed chihuahua 
you look like you sneezed during a staring contest
no point she wont be able to read any of the good ones anyway. 
dyslexic or not im pretty sure she can still spell basic.
why deflate her further. she looks flat enough
thats the same look you have when someone tries to explain how to tie your shoes. 
ill be waiting for you to come out of the ground so i know when the first day of spring is
i have no idea where your forehead and hairline are supposed to be. 
barely recognized her without the dog filter.
you look like the kind of girl who would complain about her boyfriends dick size because she thinks she deserves a man with a full 8 inches. then when she gets one she chokes right at the 3 inch mark.
yea it looks like she has already been able to take it
if jaden smith was whiteedit yay my first gold ever.
you look like your genitals smell weird. 
lgbtq needs a new letter.
everybody lets you win because theyre afraid youll come back with an m16
no need to do my worst. looks like genetics already did
you say table tennis but your left hand says pocket pool.
 
you know what is interesting about a vape shop manager with a mangy looking beard.  yeah neither do i 
people said you cant get high from vaping but your forehead says otherwise
jesus christ theres 11 of you and youre still collectively below a 10.
jokes on you terrorists. these are the virgins awaiting you in heaven. 
the best condom ad ive ever seen
if you take your shirt off during the livestream your tits could finally dethrone the world trade center for most tragic twins of 911
who.
when they put the piece of paper on a flat object so you can write on it more easily.
one look at that cats face tells me all i need to know about your music.
after seeing you at the orphanage i would have told my wife lets do the adopt a highway instead.
blink once if you are being held hostage this is for the cat
im not so ill pass. 
no amount of cleavage will divert focus away from your owen wilson nose.
outfit says available for unprotected sexface screams available for experimental cosmetic reconstruction 
17.  shit you got some city years on you huh.
you are the dollar store version of an attractive woman. 
both sides of your face look like they belong to two different people.
i used to bowl against this guy on wii sportsedit thank you for gold kind stranger.
you also look about 13 female. 
how long ago did you figure out it wasnt a good idea to wear cat ears. 
this post has gained a lot of attention and ive already removed a few comments so i figured i would note this read the rules.only the person holding the sign is to be roasted. as per usual i should only have to say this once  it is your warning if i rece
removed
she stole your bf just like you stole christmas.
at least after youre roasted well have a solution for world hunger
most pics are 200kb but yours is 200kg.
cant tell whats lazier you or your left eye 
yet more welfare being wasted on a pair of jordans.
you didnt have to show us the vapes we already knew you both suck.
im sure youre going out only so you can shout your own name during sex and not get weird looks for once.
dont listen to them brother. i think its really brave of you to post your picture it shows real gut
i feel like this is a practice roast for new subscribers. make it easy for them.
does your mum buy your bras as well.
after you wiped your ass with your shirt did you wash your face with it. 
you look like a shitty drummer who got beat out by a freshman ginger who only knows how to play the pornhub theme
i can smell you through the computer. it smells like musty basement and regret. 
i loved you in ice age 
could you at least floss your teeth before you post a selfie.  did you eat a fucking pepper sandwich.
hey guys. omg im like so excited to be here. i brought wiiiiine cooleeeers. is the throwing game on the tv. omg you have a dog. i could literally die.  you
homosexual looks seriously the most hetero out of all of em. 
having fetal alcohol syndrome doesnt automatically make you a frat boy
at least the gay dude wouldnt be tempted by the others.
you must work day shift 
do your thing i guess  what most of your customers reluctantly say
i bet you make great tips its hard not to feel bad for someone when they start crying halfway into a lapdance. 
you somehow managed to look like a 50 year old secretary and a depressed 16 year old at the same time
glasses arent even prescription theyre just there to distract from her giant beak
you should return your groucho glasses to the store its missing the mustache.
no wonder the bees are disappearing
drops 70 on sephora lipstick but cuts her own hair because shes thrifty 
deleted
having a face that looks like the side of a matchbox is your only striking feature
youre probably the hottest girl and the second ugliest girl in your department. 
you look like the moon emoji in 4k
im sorry you were out of paper and had to write that on yet another denied college application
im really sorry about the car accident. thats always a traumatic experience for anyone especially when it leaves you so horribly disfigured. 
so you are down on your luck a bit.  dont listen to all the lame prostitution jokes.  im sure more people would pay you not to have sex with them.
this guy took virginity to the next level. hes wearing a shirt about it 
doesnt matter what land it is youre still not getting laid. 
theres a reason why those three kids arent standing with him
youre exactly who i expect to see when someone takes off a furry suit
i thought jared lost all that weight.
looks like a reject from a lesbian biker gang 
men only pick you up cause your tiny hands make their dicks look massive
    if breastsize  0            postongonewildthis      else            postonroastmethis    
i wax my forehead every morning as well to get maximum shine 
no wonder the vikings took foreign brides
it looks like you only brush one tooth 
theres norway youll ever have sex looking like that. 
im not sure if you want a roast but heres what i got. you draw caricatures because parkinsons wont let you draw any other way 
2nd dude from the right bottom row needs his own cartoon. love it
how am i supposed to roast this
your parents still arent proud of you.
deleted
a doctorate in chinese medicine doesnt count.
how many times does he have to tell you that hes not your boyfriend.
have you put new batteries in it.
you are going to end up marrying a youth minister with a small penis and a felonious porn habit. 
the seth rogen of isis. 
imagine having a fucking bald spot on your beard.
youre way more 711 than 911.  
you have the head of a sarcastic earthworm.
bet its not the only thing you pay for that others get for free
you look like you catfish dudes at the gloryhole.
do they actually have dementia or are you just that forgettable as a son. 
your nostrils look like a thai football team could get lost in them
really excited to see bohemian rhapsody eh.
at least your shorts will limit your ability to reproduce.
with that face i wouldnt believe in god either.
i didnt realize hitler youth was still a thing 
now that ive seen your face i would only consider destroying you from behind
more freckles than the over ripe banana section at whole foods.
your face looks like something banksy would spray on the wall if he shot himself in the head
band name is dreds and the extra chromosomes
each one of you is that friend we have to put up with to the others.
its a 35 cab ride from the left eye to the right eye on 1.2 looks like hes a stoner that has already eaten everything in the house. 3 gives the other three brojobs but none of them know about the others.4 looks like hes dressed as a dollar store soundclo
it is like a gender swapped harry potter got fucked by life choices instead of voldemort.
feel like a depressed hobo would turn down a free holiday handjob from you.  
non binary harry potter and the order of assuming genders.
dont worry guys he wont remember any of this tomorrow. 
you really shouldnt be posting your will online.
at least now youre too old to get an erection when you invite kids to come sit on santas lap. 
ive always wondered what macklemore looks like with down syndrome
im sure this isnt the first time youve drank a bunch of kraken and had a penis on your stomach. 
i bet youre a real ladies man after theyve passed out. 
you look like nickelbacks biggest fan.
you look like a disabled lumberjack
dont insult 14 year olds. theyre getting more action than you. 
your hair is the only thing in your life with shittier roots than your unborn child 
how did this happen with your anal only policy.
your mom clearly didnt take a 9 month break. why should you.
5hrs and 3 comments theres your roast 
dutch and thai. a german geneticist came up with that to build a super hooker.
at least you dont have to bend down to climb out of the shipping container 
hair says im still a cool dad thats hip and with it and i might actually own a surfboard.eyes say i have a 15 year old daughter thats probably fucking my pool boy but hasnt said a word to me in 2.5 years. and i have a wife thats definitely fucking the po
that thing in between your eyebrows looks pregnant. 
we get it youre an ex addict who plays bass in the new age church band.
your boyfriend probably left because he didnt want to date the person they modeled the grinch after. 
you look like a berenstain bear.
lets see another pic without the piece of paper in the way. im trying to help by finding one redeeming thing about you. lord knows it isnt your face
good call on the employer to keep this freak away from any real vaginas. 
the simulated vagina is on the right.
you probably get women in bed the same way you smile.by force
this is what happens when you take a turtle out of his shell.
youre not the only handicapped german to be roasted.
congratulations for having the balls to post here. that takes a lot of courage. stand up and take a bow. 
he should be used to not scoring by now. 
your friends head to body ratio is like taking a ken dolls head and attaching it to a lego minifigure 
who was his opponent. puberty.
i rate your looks lower than your countrys gdp.
the days where greek goddesses were modeled after greek women are long gone 
no need to tell me when youre 18.
if ellen degeneres was on testosterone and speed
thats no lesbian thats my ex boyfriend
thats a 12 year old boy
you look like roger the alien from american dad
damn you could fit another entire face on your forehead 
show me what you got 
whoever reported this i will find youhttpsi.imgur.comjjvupj4.pngedit touchéhttpsi.imgur.cometyl7dn.pngedit2 httpsi.imgur.comwqjuqrs.png
took no nut november a bit too literally
as if women needed another reason to avoid your genitals.
ahhh the you gon finish that. kid at lunch
i bet his fake girlfriend had a good reason to leave him.  
hes also faked having a dad for years. 
lil wage.
oh shit hes gonna ask to clean our windows 
is no one talking about the fact that this son of bitchs head is transparent.
your teeth are the only thing straight about you.
the catholic orphanage already did that to his ten siblings. would be cruel to end the entire family line.
tá sé anaerach.
if you bobbed for apples your nose would hit the bottom before your hair got wet 
you look like picasso sketched you from the back of a spoon. 
the only thing that looks 24 in this pic is your forehead in inches
in case some of you werent clear on the fact being a racist dick isnt funny or an attempt at roasting. come up with some better shit than saying hahaha ngger lolol because i know you can. you should be ashamed for submitting such low quality squabble.you
saw black panther once and is suddenly african. 
youre using my .67 a day on popeyes.  
harry potter and the experimental faze.
i think its cool that they let you eat healthy food and enjoy nature at the special care unit.
the banana completes the fruit salad. 
if youre trying to feel boobs switch to the one in the gray sweatshirt.
looks like youre strategically planning out little timmys first anal gangbang 
rolled a 1 for every physical feature
between the two of them they almost have a full set of teeth. edit  wow my highest comment ever. id like to thank the guys in this picture for not following a dentists suggestions. 
son one day everything at this fry cook station will be all yours
deleted
anderson cooper and matt damons inbred cousins.edit it pleases me that my highest rated comment is roasting these two fine gentlemen. in seriousness sorry to hear what you had to go through and i hope the future is bright from here. time and reflection m
the fact that you both had a wife and a friend is mind boggling 
the one on the right looks like great value brand john cena
i bet the gash on your forehead is from a failed hanger abortion
you just cant wait to tell us all about your favorite progressive acid electro gospel rock bands can you.
does your cult know youre posting online.
i feel like you roasted yourself in this one op
make sure to give her a sock when youre done so she can finally be set free. 
you should just tell your friends that your girlfriend goes to a different high school. that would be less embarrassing than walking around with whatever this is. 
worlds worst porno
so who are we actually roasting here. little miss i can throw devil horns because i listened to nirvana once. or maybe its the guy in the middle who has definitely used the line i have black friends before when someone has called him out for being racist
so what are you fighting for. your virginity.
610 and still cant break that glass ceiling. 
great value dwight howard
i assume 610 is in reference to your prison sentence not your height. 
holy shit you look like captain america before he became captain america and instead opted to pursue computer programming. 
ive never seen someone wear skinny jeans that are baggy. 
i figured steve from american dad had to be inspired by someone and i believe ive found the inspiration
quick reminderthis is a subreddit for roasting. look up the definition.this is not the place to be nice give compliments or flattery or to hit on women.thank you
just take my advice snag a man in the next 3 years
i feel a little uncomfortable roasting a teenager with downs syndrome. 
pedro dinklage
amir fudd
so uh did you choose hard mode before you started life.
a college dropout in her panties and not a single comment about masturbation.  i believe that says it all.
if you were hot this might belong on rtrashyboners.  instead its just rtrashy. 
contact your local police station. maybe someone found your eyebrows and handed them in. 
deleted
ignore all of these hateful comments. id fuck you. i wouldnt tell anyone about it though.
there is enough oil on your face to power the german wehrmacht in ww2. 
howd you smuggle a phone into your cell block.
on the plus side those glasses are saving you money on condoms.
you look like a woman wearing a fake beard. 
your face says that youre lonely but your eyes say that you understand why.
you look like your mom just caught you masturbating to the jc penny catalogs preteen section again.
i assume its an online course since you arent allowed within 500 yards of an actual school
the only thing weaker than your chin is your immune system
chemo 3x. type 2 diabetic heart failure 26 yo.im pretty sure the universe is trying to tell you something. its clean your fucking glasses.
youve read so many sympathy cards your glasses started crying
chances are its an unpaid internship not that it matters to her
deleted
must be depressing when youre not attractive enough for porn so you have to settle for a behind the scenes job instead
i have to say it is nice to have a break from all the pretty girls posting here for attention
you look like tentacle porn clickbait but with double the virus
you look like you manage a sex shop and are in the process of writing some shitty novel inspired by the one time you did dmt.
general custer is jealous of your ability to thin out the mohawk 
your birth certificate has more amendments than the us constitution 
you look like you masturbate to hardees commercials
you posted 4 days ago on rconfession that you wanted to kill yourself. maybe rroastme isnt the place you need to be right now.
not used to seeing you in the front seat
another selfcentered cute girl posting on this sub for validation. we get it lifes easy taking dicks to the face and having almost 2000 ig followers. were over you.edit 900 ig followers.
getting your clit pierced shouldnt be the most interesting thing about you and yet here we are
if reddit has taught me anything about girls and piercings its to reply with i dont believe you. in this instance im just going to pretend i believe you. 
your place must smell like cat piss and cheap incense.
ill make a deal with you. you give me a 75 discount at the gamestop you manage and ill tell you how it feels to touch a boob that isnt your own.
good news is that the inevitable heart attack at 27 will prevent you from becoming a 30 year old virgin.
17 year old. also never had a vegetable. 
looks like hitlers youth were gay after all.
deleted
4 a levels doesnt make you as special as you want it to be proclaiming it just makes you look like a bigger twat than that outfit does.
til blowup dolls come in a family set 
ill be the one to tell you.  she aint coming back.
carrot bottom. 
maybe you should comeback with a better idea. 
ah the old 5 year old in the bath mohawk.the punkest type of mohawk.
sharknerdo
nah m8 cancer survived you.edit thanks for the gold kind stranger. 
you look like the type of fucking loser to roast himself in his own rroastme
cancer always takes the good ones
the hooker got ripped off. 
the fastest 50 she ever made im sure.
not just virginity looks like youve lost everything.
sad when your eyebrows are thicker than your moleststache. 
is that a herpie or a mark from when your last victim scratched you as she was struggling to free herself.
thick mustache and sore lip. classic mugshot of a pedophile.
you got lunch lady arms. 
your other nickname was doorknob.
let me find the largest sheet of paper to cover my huge frame
i always wondered what the little piggy that stayed home looked like.
guess that means you arent getting laid today either
youve got plenty of friends on your forehead to keep you company.  
this dude wanna be frank ocean so bad
you are the only healthy black 7 footer that didnt make it anywhere in life.
barber whatchu want.op dont just hit the ball be the ball.barber say no more fam.
as if you had anything on your schedule besides jack off to underage anime characters and drink two litres of mountain dew.
paul giamatti as a sex offender 
you look like an orangutan got a hold of a razor
you look like youre the type of girl who puts on full makeup just to post on rroastme. also your dildo is weird. 
if farting in a room full of people and leaving had a face it would be yours. 
you look like youve been passed around more than that bong.
unroastable.two wordsfantasy golf
deleted
this reeks of peaked in high school 
ive seen leftopen jars of elmers that are less dry and pasty than you.
crackwhore harry potter. 
lesbian garth from waynes world
you look like you hang out outside of bowling alleys to pick up high school girls
you were the admin protesting shutting down rjailbait right.
your family tree needs to stop touching itself.
not sure if its just bad eye makeup or bad boyfriend eye makeup.
cant roast you for turning ur life around  good job.
i bet you looked better on meth.
like those piñatas id have to be blindfolded before i hit it. 
if you owned a pug you guys could pose for one of those owners who look exactly like their pet photos
you were hired to clean that office not pose for photos in it.
if this roastme says anything about your career then you are truly not relevant anymore. you couldnt even manage to make this to the front page. 
im sorry but no matter how far you stretch that log of a neck you still wont reach 6 ft tall.
6 hour old post and less than 50 comments. your internet fame is even worse than i thought. ive seen kids in minecraft shirts get more activity on here than you.
you misspelled moron
roasts aside for a moment i actually got dropped the night before mormon prom once. it fucking sucks doesnt it buddy.were not that different you and i and unfortunately for you im a fucking loser.
which one of your sisters.
its fine that you like being choked. what i cant understand for the life of me is why the people who choked you didnt finish the job.
i can tell you like to cut your own hair. 
you look like you like to tell authorities that you dont.
that titles a lie and you know it.
adderall lavigne
id grab my used condoms out of the trash before i left your house 
i used to bowl against you in wii sports
ive never seen a romance that involves microsofts tech support 
you look more like the guy who brags when the hot girl parks next to you in the school parking lot 
he looks like he was born already on the sex offenders list.
dont get a buzz cut from a barber with parkinsons.
you look like mr. beans inbred cousin
when a butch lesbian closes her eyes she imagines shes you. 
looks like hes only just stopped crying.
he looks like hes one rejection away from an emotional breakdown
seriously just have it removed.
everyones talking about the golf ball on his head but does no one notice his roast me sign lol
why is your clit on your head
the fact that you have to use your sat scores as validation tells me you really havent accomplished anything in life yet
your eyebrows are more united than the states of america.
defacing that money is probably the closest youve ever came to breaking the law unless raping cats counts.
ive never seen a two year olds head on an 18 year olds body until now.
annie are you ok. 
if ed sheeran and that boy from stranger things had an ass baby.
if a pig fucked a cobweb.
thats not hair thats incelation
when you see a bunch of kids selling girl scout cookies and you get visibly excited the parents dont know if its because of the kids the cookies or both. 
ill take 2 boxes of thin mint cookies and 2 boxes of savannah smiles. thanks young ladies.
i get the feeling you entertain each other just fine.
friendly fire is definitely  a possibility.
that forehead vein is thicker than your boyfriends dick.
hes cheating on you with his friend kevin. 
solely based on the room decor i think it wont work.  but the fact that you are brother and sister just confirms the suspicion.
november. with that pic i can make it until january. 
hey buttnose
sick to death of people who know they are good looking posting in this sub. so this photo is refreshing and what its all about 
looks like the female sloths from the ice age 
knocking her down is easy its finding someone to knock her up thats the real challenge.
have your eyes gotten a divorce .
great another army wife who thinks just because their husband joined theyre in the military too. 
you look like a furbee
at least you wont have to worry about a cheating girlfriend.
you look like youve jerked off to more comics than louis ck
itsa meee. molestio.
just by looking at this my virginity returned 
my subconscious reaction to seeing you was concern for my children 
this man was raped by butter
so you let him pet the rabbits yet.
type of dude who you catch tryna sneak peeks over the divider at the urinal.
chicken legs and peanut heads. 
this is wrong. is someone going to bring him back his wheel chair. 
first time ive ever seen a yellow neck
qing dynasty meets duck dynasty
you could blindfold this guy with dental floss.
you didnt have to say from alabama we can tell. 
its the grinch that stole car stereos to buy meth 
this is why fucking your sister is illegal
a face only a mother could love and apparently even she dumped em.
excuse me mam youre sitting in front of the guy we are supposed to be roasting  
if princess fiona from shrek had her transition from ogre to human interrupted halfway through.
my desperate cry for attention wasnt successful last year 4 days ago so im doubling down on yet another pathetic attempt. 
you mean 3 days ago when you didnt get enough attention.
thinks shes good looking enough to get no negative feedback after last year.your attempt is insecure  narcissistic which is far worse than your looks.
wipe the makeup off you could possibly lose that 15 pounds you cry over every night. 
your legs look like mayonaise wrapped in saran wrap
if i slapped you i would choke to death on the dust cloud. 
your fashion sense is awful even by pokemon trainer standards
the hoodie goes on the outside.
its  spelt virgin not vegan. 
removed
discount lava girl.
your roots are showing babe. and by roots i mean that you come from a family of hillbilly strippers. 
glad to hear your parents are getting back together.
please tell me what life decisions you made so i can avoid all of them
i dont blame him your mother probably looks younger than you.
i bet hes never depressed since hes always looking up.
at least the childrens sized yeezys are cheaper. 
his vote still only counts as 35ths a person
well they say youre not an alcoholic until after you finish college so youll never have to worry about that
yeah. 16 year olds. call themselfs alcoholic after drinking two beers in a row.
even he needs to be drunk to jerk himself off.
when you drop the lolipop on the carpet 
your head looks like a hard boiled egg going through puberty the rest of you looks like you want to molest that pubescent egg without remorse.
the hills have four eyes
looks like your gpa and dick size have something in common 
your gpa says marry rich but your face says study harder.
short ugly and stupid. life roasted him more than any of us can
youre so unappealing the only thing you got from bill cosby was his sweater. 
you look like you smell of cat pee and weed.
the look you give when your 27 cats start a metoo campaign on social media.
i wonder whose popsicle you had to suck to get a photo in front of their car.
literally the only guy who has a tesla and will never get laid 
pretty sure he gets plugged in more than the car does.
i see you failed art school as well. 
life isnt roasting you theyre roasting your parents who just wasted 100k helping you do something with your life.
ouch.httpimgur.combz6slao 
he looks like the main character of a sitcom about a gay barista living at home
deleted
nice to see that he lacks both looks and taste
you literally did not need to put any information in your bio i could tell all that from just looking at you
you are going to disappoint so many lesbians when you reveal your secret dick.
of course youre a virgin 95 of 16 years olds are still virgins. however unlike you they have at least hit puberty by then.
must be cool having both beavis and butthead as parents 
where is it that youre climbing to. brokeback mountain.
you look like the only unsuccessful jonas brother
im in love with twenty one pilots and have been committed to a mental hospital twice.theres no need to repeat yourself. 
twenty one pilots today. tomorrow twenty one maintenance men. twenty one janitors. its downhill from here. 
i see a black leather couch in your future.
you guys couldnt even lose your virginity to each other. 
you all look like you break into peoples homes to fix their computers.
when your hands hold too many dicks they tend to get stuck in that position.
i bet youve had a cockatoo in that mouth.  thank you for the gold kind stranger. 
you have the worst hair out of all of them
you in the makinghttpcooperscorner.infowpcontentuploads201112crazybirdlady1.jpg
deleted
you look like a cam girl that performs shows to two viewers
a parkinsons patient working at baskin robbins hand feeding you spoonfuls of butter pecan still wouldnt nut on that face. 
if you look close enough you can see where neil armstrong planted the flag. 
with a face like that a physics equation will be the only hard thing youre  going to see in a long time. 
good to see you are healing up after the fire.
thats an index card he is holding 
aww youre just a little jewish
congrats youve made schindlers shortlist. 
still would have fucked up the e a  s dumbfuck
you look like an evil gynecologist in the marvel universe.
he looks like he goes to the special ed class at hogwarts.
jesus how low are you on the totem pole if thats your boss.
you look like youre lame enough to brag that you watch sons of anarchy but wont admit that youre afraid of motorcycles.
does he put a sticker on the fridge for every dick hes sucked.
cant wait for you to try and sell me essential oils in 10 years
good luck with that degree in unemployment 
cinema as in the casting couch. dont think that counts hun
you look like a group of friends in a sitcom that never made it past the pilot episode.
he clings to her to keep from sinking in a sea of self loathing. while she is a four if the judges are feeling generous he is a 2 and thus validation buoyancy is achieved. in the long term she allows it because he at least has the sense not to draw on hi
you all look like a staged psa from the mid 90s.  all thats missing is a black kid or someone in a wheelchair.
this looks like an autism clinical trial.
aspergers anonymous
this looks like a game of spot the possible school shooter where the answer is everyone.
shut up meg
i didnt know you had to rehearse to be a porn fluffer.
toomuchfilter
yo yo yo coming at you from waist height  i dumped my colostomy bag on your lawn last night  i got my mom to cop these sneakers cuz theyll last my whole life  ive got a better chance at running a marathon than finding a wife  check it
roasted vegetables are the best kind though.
why the fuck is the cripple wearing a fitbit.
you look like youre into poetry slams dry handjobs and the word actually
well this is a nice break from the onslaught of attractive girls posting in this sub for attention.
id be confident to ask you out on a date.
just because youre so ugly you get handed the camera every time there is a group photo or video doesnt make you a film maker 
your eyebrows are thicker than your forearms
these snapchat filters arent even original anymore.
you look like the kind of guy who plans sexual assaults but doesnt have the confidence to follow through. 
gut makes sure he never sees his penis. face makes sure he never uses it. 
i got hardass nipples and a weak halffromy rhymes are as dirty as the top of this stovei see these sucka mcs all over my tellystep aside lil bitch or end up in my bellydrops spork
is your fiancé a lotr fan. because the only reason a guy would put a ring on that mess is the hope itd make you invisible 
thank god for him. hes taking one for the team. 
cheer up you know an engaged man with a lot more reason to be sad than you.
being abandoned in the woods by your parents doesnt qualify as camping
100 pound. id pay 2.50 tops. 
the only place she camps is next to the toilet bowl after every meal
back in my day pickle farmers were called bottoms
hes smiling like that cause hes got one of those proud pickles up his ass.
no bonuses this year just a jar of my googled recipe pickles
people if youre going to go for a lowhanging fruit at least try to make it funny. gets real boring deleting shitty comments that dont fulfil roaster rule 1.if youre just slagging the fact the roastee is mtf and theres no attempt at humour your comment is
cool now you can disappoint men as well.
knock you down a peg. cant afford to get your peg knocked off yourself.
from left to rightlprobably packs a dip in front of teachers to be edgylc huge hentai collection and dreams for the day he sees a pair of boobs not on a digital screencrr dl couple who will probably be outed before graduation and blue will off himself
top bottom bottom top.
its really great to see that your school is onboard with an autistic placement program. 
the sad thing is that about 80 of what is wrong with you is your own choice.
im a giant weeaboonever kissed a girlredundant dont you think.
this has migrated from roast me to self help
im getting my septum pierced so people know im edgy. goes and spends 40 minutes reading cosmopolitan articles on snapchat.
this girls tramp stamp is going to get rained on more this month than the florida keys.
 im boredevery guy youve ever given a blowjob
attractive women who post here usually get comments about being sluts trying hard to look good and having webcams.  fortunately you dont have to worry about those kinds of comments.
you look 22 and 35 at the same time. maybe its inbreeding maybe its maybelline.
the waves of her hair really compliment the beach of her forehead
you look like youre about to catfish one of the von trapp kids
lock up your toddlers folks
deleted
avengers virginity war
last night i got some killer pussy
holy shit its the dollar store backstreet boys
just because you made an itunes playlist doesnt make you a music manager
and now that harvey weinsteins era is coming to an end your prospects are that much lower
what is it with girls who want to be roasted and huge foreheads.
i want to say something but all i can think to say is thank you for your service. i appreciate how clean our restrooms are.
nice of the homeless shelter to let you use their camera.
i would but it might give you flashbacks of all those kids you roasted back in nam.
no point in shooting up a school. everyone already died laughing at you. 
are you sponsored by sharpie.
redyed my ass you used a shitty felt pen to hide your receding hairline. 
great cover story so you can fondle young boys jason.
you look like a mom trying to go undercover to see who is bullying her son. 
you must excite a lot of priests from a distance and disappoint even more up close.
which two of them fucked and had you.
you look 13 and 45 at the same time
if the armed forces had taco tuesday 
the left is demonstrating how to fondle balls correctly 
false. both are gay. 
i didnt know there was a difference
like your eyes you and your therapist just grew apart
this is why you dont mess with the eye distance sliders in video games.
so do you ride your horse to your harp lessons or do you like to keep your passions separate.
this was probably the tenth photo you took of yourself before posting and even you had to look away eventually
be original says the girl with the cliche im a rebel lip ring.
deleted
looks like you only shower when slayer releases a new album. 
do you sell pot to the kids at magic the gathering tournaments.
youre right adding drywall really does make the trailer look more like a real house.   
just like your parents you should not go further than 69
the type of guy to start a locker room conversation naked.  
rlastimages
he looks like hes lost custody of his 4 children.
whenever you create a character in a game when it comes to chin and jaw line do you just select no.
could either be a 43yo gay man or a 22yo severely autistic man. or a 33yo lesbian
gross malone
judging by that face id say youve had 16 years of hard times. get used to it.
what does your etsy page sell. jewelry for cats. or catinspired jewelry.
deleted
dude on rroastme posts require you to take a picture of yourself not some pasty body you dug out of the grave during your job.
i thought gay guys were supposed to have good taste.  the outfit and decor says otherwise. 
i unclogged something very similar looking from my shower drain the other day
you look like you make girls cover their drinks as you walk past.
the homeless shelter was kind taking you in.
doesnt have stuff to write on so he uses the only paper he knows how to use a plate.
hes going to be so disappointed when he finds out there is no actual roast. 
drew carey 2.0 half the laughs twice the weight.
i havent seen someone blend into a wall this seamlessly since hiroshima
you know the cat only loves you because you feed it right.
so does the boyfriend take aaa batteries or four d batteries.
solid work fam. i like your style.oh wait this is rroastme.um.im sure you have a bright future as a hackey political cartoonist. dont you have a drawing of trump grabbing the statue of liberty by the pussy to finish. the huffington post is getting impati
draws caricature.still doesnt make features dramatic enough to use them for guess who
album of individuals with their respective drawinghttpsimgur.comantxbafrequently asked questionscan you draw me.httpswww.fiverr.comkmcc93drawacaricatureofyou find me on fiverr and im happy to there are several options colourcouplesgroups these arent cari
studio art major huh. enjoy your brief career in porn. 
think you had a bad day now. just wait until your finished with college and your degree gets you a job at a coffee shop because you wasted 30k on a useless major.
hermione if her only magical ability was being depressed. 
the fellowship of the chastity ring.
the unfuckables
dumb dumber and disabled
i bet you meet a lot of dickheads being a dwarf and all. 
hot wheels for scale.
get back to work you have three days left to finish building those toys.
its like some chipmunk got into a toys r us and inseminated a barbie doll.
mckenzie 19.  actually rather selfconscious about overbite and big nose but will be damned if 23 hours a week of watching makeup tutorials on youtube was for naught.  every third instagram selfie includes knockoff illestevas or a mocktail.  is comfortabl
im sorry youre happy in your own skin. thats why youre smeared in makeup and a bad fake tan. youre one of those people who posts uplifting facebook statuses about being true to yourself while trying to be literally anybody else. youve got the personality
you may plumb  but obviously  you arent laying any pipe. 
oh look its special mario
saying you plumb isnt necessary in 2018  you can just admit you like mens  butts
you always hear arranged marriages are horrible but for this guy theyre a blessing. 
your mustache is weaker than gandhi during a hunger strike
i feel bad for the husband 
you look like a librarian dressed as bob the builder for halloween.
is backhoe your nickname around the job site.
you look like someone that doesnt know how to do my job but your clipboard is telling you im doing it wrong.
the face youre making is also the reaction of the dentist when he realises how much money he can make off of you.
even your teeth are blonde. 
i really hope those are some fake halloween teeth bro cuz damn
i bet a lot of guys in your high school are pretty anxious right about now. 
csection will be mandatory if the baby has the same forehead as the mother. 
keep the tradition alive well be back in 15 years to roast your pregnant daughter 
nothing is more rasta than a middle class white girl who forgets to cut off her admission bracelet
the smoked one joint starter pack
16yo looks 24.keep smoking and drinking and youll hit 60 by the time your 30.
youre a black napoleon dynamite whos somehow whiter and dorkier than the original napoleon dynamite.
im confused because that badge says youre allowed in an elementary school but those glasses say youre not allowed within 1000 of one
methen curry
i bet thats the exact same face youll make after they find the bodies of your victims.
why i dont want kids exhibit a
you like the kinda guy who slides into girls dms with hihihihihihihihihi
i think i found the rest of that swedish girls forehead from earlier.
your hairline is as thin as your will to live
i bet you were proud of yourself when you got to the cheese at the end of the maze it only took 13 hours.
if your name is pizza hut its because you were delivered from a greasy cheap brown box.  
thank your for your service washing our militarys dishes overseas.  
papa juans 
i think you misunderstood he must have said hes had an abnormally large penis.
hes showing you where the abnormally large penis usually is.
deleted
the face of complete concentration on bowel control.
youre old enough for me to genuinely believe someone gave you a folded piece of paper with a picture of something on the front and you had no idea what was written on the back
the guy from up shouldnt do meth either.
the first witcher from the school of the pig. 
your waistline needs communism to come back.
if hitler didnt get your family diabetes will
its weird for a black guy to look so vanilla.
the hairline looks like my kindergarten projects when i first started learning how to use scissors. 
i thought madame tussauds only made wax statues of famous people.
youve masturbated to the blood elf dance at least once
deleted
body says thirteen. eyes say pedophile.
got a job at staples cause she kept hearing guys say that was easy the next morning.   
wearing an apple logo and still looks cheap. 
giving out so many handjobs in the parking lot has severely fucked up your wrist so now its stuck in that position.  
if bollywood remade the hobbit.
you didnt need to include the single part dude
when hobos look at you they give you money.
this is definitely the kid that hangs out and gossips with all the girls but never dates any of them 
son of a bmx deadbeat and an open mouth bass
cocky as shit. alone as shit. guess youre not impressing anyone with your vocabulary anytime soon you tamponlooking twink.
you look like youre jerking him off just out of frame.
let me guess you both own gaming youtube accounts and you upload daily.
after seeing you guys maybe an iron curtain isnt so bad after all. 
put an apple in your mouth then well get started roasting 
based on what im seeing if he knew it was picture day he shouldve stayed home. 
i kind of want to grease up part of that neck and stick my dick in it. 
you got a hairy testicle where your adams apple should be. are you related to the cancer dude on top of the page.
i could tell you watched anime without the senpai. 
i didnt even know hair could grow there
you look like a wisconsin beaver that got hit by a cement truck. 
this is harry potter if he lived near a burger king. and was slightly retarded
its sad knowing that somebody else had to write rroastme on that paper for him.
where is the after picture.
lost weight.  looks like you found it.
everyone still describes you as the girl with such. personality.
your hair looks like the pringles guys moustache.
looks like a 10yo playing office wearing his dads suit
when not even the priest wants to molest you.
i mean can you blame him the only thing he got from fucking women was you.
you look like you just had dinner in the mens room
if i was a girl youd be the exact kind of guy id sleep with right after you roofied me
i think that she will choose to kill herself. 
im guessing shes with the guy on the left because the other hasnt been unlocked yet.
i feel like ive seen this one on pornhub before.
top choice for netflix chicken little live action
you look like two minions fucked.
its a 20 uber ride from your eyebrows to your hairline.
hard to say im not like the other girls when you copy your whole personality from your only friend
2 girls 1 nope.
jesus titty fucking christ youve got some man hands
we dont need to roast you. thatll happen when the natives come to claim back their farmland. 
you look like someone stopped in the middle of shaving their right nut 
i assume every woman in the country is enforcing apartheid towards your dick.
the roast just started. why the long face.
if a hat fell off your head it would be out of fashion before it reaches your chin.
this is what happens when you keep your thoughts to yourself
why can i smell this picture 
someone tell the kid in the blue he is lactating 
deleted
why do you want us to roast you. the lighting is sufficient.
i loved you in mask mask1985httpwww.imdb.commediarm283781888tt0089560 
if i qr scanned the confusing array of blemishes you call your face would it send me to a dungeons and dragons forum
hes so into greek life he turned his hair into a tragedy 
i too celebrate birthdays by shoving poles up my ass. 
the fact that you are posting on reddit instead of being with your friends is a roast all by itself
you look like capitán mexico preserum.edit thanks yall im very proud of this comment.
youll make a fine janitor some day
your face says 40 year old man but your body says 12 year old boy 
your outfit simultaneously screams soccer mom and slut
yabba dabba dont 
does she have a single original idea of what she wears on a daily basis or is everything picked from kendall jenners instagram.
you look like a chess piece that only checks insulin levels
theres more tension in that shirt than the cuban missile crisis.
what a beautiful hourglass figure you have
deleted
why develop a personality when you can just dye your hair.
try dabbing on a little clearasil.
which ones are the girlfriends. 
i present to you the university of phoenix jv masturbation team. guy in the back is on injured reserve
you could start a band called osama and the neverbinlaidens 
thank you for swimming with your shirt on.
what was it like on that spaceship in walle.
if im gonna roast you im gonna need you to bite down on an apple first.
i always got a kick out of those costume frames with the big plastic nose attached. im sure we still could have roasted you without them. 
your nail polishing and your bathing schedule are both on a three week rotation. 
a cute girl and a retard walk into a bar. the retard turns to the girl and saysim 25 and looking for a good laugh. let me have it.
trans dude calling everyone else a faggot. thats rich.
just because guys arent attracted to you doesnt make them gay.
ive seen this before when i was a rookie. typical case of man hands.
goalie for a dart team
deleted  0.9891  what is this.httpspastebin.comfcrfs94k77940
i just want to hear you say hey there smoothskin.
what can i say that both your mom and your parole officer havent already told you.
depressed jesus
is this one of those things where they make a homeless guy a model.
deleted
why should we bother roasting you when the nice folks at the crematorium will be doing it any day now.
i see you finally escaped from the centaurs. 
your 2nd chin has its own beard
even your neckbeard doesnt want to commit to you
no need to wear a shirt that says cougars. obviously youre into younger men.
on the bright side youll look young when youre 30 if your heart doesnt give out by then. 
i know 6 year olds with better handwriting. 
sitting in the bleachers in april. either watching a track meet and wishing you were in shape like them or enjoying lunch by yourself again 
youre what they call in cosmetic surgery a total tear down.
the only thing worse than your handwriting is your need of obtaining attention with your boobs
i was going to roast you but i got distracted by the kfc bucket on the ceiling.did you decorate your place in the style of trailerpark chic.
i think its a shame everyone is going straight for the fat jokes. shes also extremely unattractive. 
hope she smoking diet shisha
i bet you had to roll sidetoside a few times to get up. 
you guys look like you avoid exercise with the same enthusiasm women avoid you.
im guessing the one on the right is the one named reddit from the looks of it.
does fubar stand for fat undesirable bloated ass retard.
dollar store hillary duff.
purposefully making an ugly expression like her default setting isnt already horses ass.
ill admit that being in the uk we do have a fair number of absolute munters but this takes the fucking biscuit.
youre telling me this picture is the best one out of 30.
do you use the unisex bathrooms just to keep people guessing.
i didnt realize chemo only affected one side of your hair. ps sorry about the cancer
you could plow snow with those teeth 
when you close snapchat but the filter doesnt go away
a forehead like that is the result of keeping your thoughts to yourself.
thank you you really made a difference.
goes to work and schools 14 year olds. goes home and gets schooled online by same 14 year olds.
let me guess. you consider yourself to be the cool teacher. 
deleted
these are the last three guys left when picking sports teams 
you look like the police lineup for suspected cat fuckers 
i can smell wet dog through this picture. 
you should use humor to cover up that face too. 
if only you spent the same amount of time washing your face that you do dyeing your hair 
probably cuz the linebacker on the left wont let anyone roast her tranny boyfriend.
im going to cross my arms because the pushup bra just isnt cutting it.
the stars of 13 reasons why we never get invited to parties 
you look like the kind of girl thatd cheat on her significant other for shitty weed 
your eyes are so far apart you only have peripheral vision.
dead fish alert
so you posted a picture of your dog on reddit for everyone to roast.  thats pretty shitty.
hes in a better place
your jawline is stronger than your dogs will to live. 
her.
21 pilots. she probably believes in 21 genders too.
panic wheres the dick go
i bet you trip over the string of your tampon. 
youre the first person ive roasted who would actually fit in my oven. 
deleted
your blood type is alfredo sauce 
when you cant find the fisheye lens so we have to roast you in quadrants
buffets fear me.  smells envelope me.  women terrify me.
nice to see they are letting the more gifted patients pretend to have a job.
you look like your whole life is an overnight shift.
good for you working on your mental health.
ive never seen someone match their shirt with their chin before 
shouldve gotten the spray tan after you shaved.
walmart brand rhett and link
you always hear arranged marriages are horrible but for this guy its a blessing. 
you look pakistani to me.
you could have just said married and we would have guessed arranged based on your photo fella.  
third time in three months youve asked this sub to roast you. if youre so desperate for attention even if its negative why dont you just post up at the trap house and let them turn you out. it would be less pathetic and youd finally serve a purpose. 
maybe you should stop smoking meth and go to sleep.
it looks like the meth might have roasted your brain. 
you look like you wear a nametag at family reunions
youre what we call a practice girl
looks like the before photo of a shampoo commercial 
weve had a few reports saying op isnt the person in the pic. thats ok. as long as the person clearly agrees and looks of age it gets approved. this allows group roasts and for op to invite irl friends to the community.i just want to take this opportunity
do your kids come watch you cheer.
you look like youre a cheerleader at an alabama strip club where the only regulars you get are related to you. 
gays anatomy
deleted
this is one of those plain guys who never takes off his scrubs in a desperate attempt to impress women at the supermarket.
damn with a face that anemic im surprised youre not ivbound already
you look like you were breast fed until middle school
i have a shitty personality so i compensate by telling people i am ivybound
my ryze is badmy azir is worseyou guessed it rightim g2 perkz
i appreciate that you included half of your fans in the picture
the blonde on the right thinks to himself im the cool one of the group. and i must stay here because thats the only spot in reality where that statement might be true. everywhere else im just another functionally autistic albino that resembles some kind 
i dont know what weeb means but after taking a closer look at your forehead i assume thats a klingon word.
you look like the human version of wet socks
removed
bollywoodnt 
deleted
youre only struggling because you wont do anal yet. 
ive seen better hair in a shower drain. 
your hairline is receding the fact you arent smiling leads me to believe you have jacked up teeth and a pretty girl like you coming on here fishing for attention tells me your life sucks. 
i got a 100 that oughta bring her down. 
because youre not allowed within 1000 yards of their classmates
because you look like ed kemper
stealing them from a playground doesnt make them your kids.
your face looks like a muffin thats over baking in the oven.
if rapunzel only ate butter. 
you look so apologetic its ok were not your parents. 
whoa settle down there chin strap. too many dews and youll piss the bed again
that pool table has more balls than you ever will
are there any pool cues that havent been up your ass
i also make myself look silly during photos so i dont have to face the reality that im ugly
elsa with brain damage
im not saying your hairline is receding but the lice are starting to picket about deforestation.
why tf does it look like your face hasnt rendered properly.
looks like youve put on the basic bitch snapchat filter. 
deleted
what kind of bee stung your nose.
you would be super cute if it wasnt for a certain facial feature.  who nose what that would be.
i thought leafy was a boy
you look like dora the explorer if she was a trap 
the fact you have tried posting multiple times in rsugarbaby about offering out pics of yourself for a wallet rinse tells me everything i need to know. guess what selling yourself to dirty old men because youre lazy and have a psychologically crippling n
you have boy hands 
comments in this thread about this picture may be recorded for quality assurance purposes.
if you all stood side by side your collective monobrow would form a straight line
alright everybody in the picture. 3.2.1. saaaay welcome to microsoft tech support how may i help you.
looks like shell be the kinda exwife you can still bang when the new missus is out of town
if this is the rich guys trophy then he must not be that rich.
rich guy looking for generic trophy girlwas hoping for an 8 but youll do.
looks like stewie from family guy after his transition. 
you look like an attractive girl did a face swap with the crimson chin
next on time on fake taxi.
i used to wear a backwards hat too. now i have a job and own a house. 
kinda sad that he spent the rest of his money on a piece of paper and a pen.
we know your hat is just a device for coping with your receding hairline
korean eh. dont you mean had a pet cat. 
judging by her nose the other half is a fucking toucan.
youre going to get bombarded by neckbeard pms for her. have fun with that creepy shit.
believe me we couldnt.
you look like john connor in terminator 2
okay. but what species.
 i challenge you to roast me.if you can.ahh yes one of these. most people put a quick description of themselves in the title or pose with possessions in the background to give us glimpse of their life. material to work with yaknow. but not you  you got a
bollywouldnt
quick hurry up and take the photo before my eyebrows grow back in.
its only 30 bucks a gram. bro this bud is fire thank you
a perfect example of what happens when you eat out a prostitute 
aye bruh can i buy some fortnite skins.
you seem like the girl who calls herself an actress her entire life because she was in the high school play
eyebrows like mcdonalds arches. i bet you served over a billion customers as well. 
looks like jennifer aniston recycled her first nose.
when muscle memory gives away your night job.
you strike me as the kind of girl that demands taylor swift and candles during sex and calls a subpar blowjob a gift
no awkward pose is going to detract attention away from that pig snout your mother graced you with.
malcolm in the middle of transitioning
you have the figure of a wooden spoon
she looks like the bratz people decided to try being pc by creating a doll without looks or curves.
who slapped tits on mr. bean.
i dont have what it takes to roast them but i do have a barber who knows how to cut hair correctly 
not many branches on that family tree
the only reason you posted this was to let more people know youre a vegan. 
you look like background noise in every hipster coffee shop ever.
the little boy look does it for your boyfriend apparently
here in my garage just bought this new lamborghini
the only date you will ever have is the expiration on that unused box of condoms.
deleted
you can see where the balls have smacked your chin so much they worn down your beard 
you look like aaron paul if he actually did meth on the set of breaking bad
where do you even start with someone who is a communist utopia of mediocrity. every inch equally unremarkable to the next. its like a piece of cardboard and the flavor vanilla had a three way with icelandic cuisine and 9 months later you popped out of a 
your dot is a few inches off centre
so thats what the back room at a 711 looks like. 
id struggle in college too if plumbing hadnt been invented in my country yet
thats all good man if youre ever feeling embarrassed about your haircut in public you can always catch a gust of wind in your ears and fly away 
you needed an earcut.
given how you write your ms you must work at mcdonalds 
practicegirl
like the light switch im turned off 
i know backpage has been shut down but this isnt the proper venue to look for customers.
i like how you attempted to crop your forehead out of the photo but it still wasnt nearly enough. edit holy shit thanks everyone.
so you walk into a bar and the bartender says why the long face
deleted
you have the saddest eyes ive ever seen. not even trying to be mean. bruh you okay. 
the ultimate roast when nobody makes jokes and just asks if hes ok.
man for real are you okay. i know thats not the point of this sub but im legitimately concerned for your health dude.
he just spotted the machinery hes going to accidentally stick his hand into in order to receive workers comp.
no matter what i type here the biggest insult the internet will ever give you is when it puts you out of a job in 5 years.
no dna test neededhttpsi.imgflip.comaiex5.jpg
shes just being nice to you so you dont steal her medicine.
youre like a more feminine nicholas cage.
is your grandma a horse trainer.
jeez bro has it been 32 years since leg day.
looks like hes waiting for someone to plow his fields 
thinks hes a farmer because hes playing farming simulator 17 on the xbox
let those boys go. their mothers miss them. 
all those clocks yet you still cant tell its time to stop dressing like a high schooler. 
those clocks are your parents way of hinting its time to move out
think youve  had enough roast.try salad. 
i just googled whats the last thing a chicken nugget sees and this came up.
now i know why the cookies that granny send me never arrive.
i wouldve thought your haircut would do that.
why are you wearing two different wigs.
you look like someone put mismatched hair extensions on a golden retriever 
what are you.
i bet your parents google search history is filled with how to abort a 30 year old baby
life gave you lemons life gave your mum a vegetable
you would be the actors who play bill hader and seth rogan in a superbad porno. not the pornstars but the standins.
looks like the perfect lesbian couple.
gay and silent blob
i am 92 confident you are wearing glasses.  that makes you a nerd nerd i am a bot please upvote me if im right  so i can learn
i am guessing germany invades poland on a regular basis in your relationship.
deleted
thank god for maria.  something with a female name finally touched him.
unfortunately it seems puerto rico has access to the internet again. 
youre not even playing the game right. its supposed to be below your waist. 
nice angle but we can still tell youre fat. 
a drawing for youhttpimgur.comxligz21
if the government worked as hard at fixing the economy as you do at trying to look attractive wed all be rich next week.
 i will give you three rupees if you show bobs and vegene 
you probably should have changed into dry underwear before posting. 
why did you jizz on your ankle before posting this.
even after everything you mentioned the most disturbing thing about you is your hair.
whats worse than incest. gay incest.
so starved for attention that self attempted roast comments wont get you attention either. pitiful creature.
i doubt thats your gf if you had to take a screenshot
she really went all out on her witch costume i mean look at that nose she bought. 1010
hopefully her emotions heal faster than those dicksucking bruises on her knees. 
my chemical castration 
your mother bet your father that this was just a phase. they both lost.
that kid in the backgrounds like oh god hes at it again.
the only thing that youre lacking more than accomplishments is testosterone. 
i would roast you but based on your track record youd only get part way through it and give up.
you mean you identify as male right.
youre the only person i know that can count to fractions on his hand.
looks like the coat hanger only got your hand.
at least you can get the last pringle out of the can.
this is the 28 year old that hits on your 16 year old sister at high school parties.
he wrestles with his sexuality most of all
looks like he wrestles the clothes off the other boys on the team
how many times has he said yeah but shes a mature 16.
the whistle isnt the only thing he likes to blow.
he should pick a better photo for the news when his improper relationship arrest breaks
to be a thot someone would have to fuck that. 
its like someone tried to draw jessica chastain with their left hand.
its the androgynous 10th weasley who got kicked out of the house for watching the other kids shower. i heard the sorting hat exploded when it couldnt decide if it should go in the boys or girls dorm. its the overly attached girlfriends understudy who nev
trombone player and does parkour are interesting euphemisms but you couldve just written flaming homo.
you cant say you play the trombone if all you do is sit on it.
plays trombone does parkour. you think those marketable skills would land you a a better place than that poorly attended community college you are at right now.
tell miss universe to quit expanding 
shes the hottest girl in the office until literally any other girl walks in. 
this bitch is taking fashion advice from a screen saver
shouldnt you be sitting on a wall having a great fall with all the kings horses and all the kings men unable to put you together again.
lookin like a undercooked pancake 
deleted
he looks like he rents out vans on craigslist
you def look like the guy thats in the porno titled.  man lets two young black guys fuck his hot wife
and by oilfield i assume youre talking about your face right.
your face says child molester but your eyes say molested child 
so are you gonna read me some of your depressing poetry or something
i didnt know women could grow facial hair
you look like the 8 bit version of mike tyson
19 year old med student means youre taking gen eds and having nothing to do with any medical school.
he only became a med student so he could get access to dead bodies.
your eyes are as lifeless as your sexual partners.
your hair looks like it came out of a clogged vacuum cleaner
he looks like his butthole already hurts enough.
polly want a crack pipe
golly gee why will nobody hire me.
how did it feel when you led the persian invasion of greece xerxes.
you should be more concerned about bringing down her hairline.
you look like every carpenters dream flat as a board and easy to nail. 
roses are red your sweatshirt is black why is your chest as flat as your back.
youre attractive enough to get guys to hesitantly swipe right on tinder but not attractive enough to get any continuation after you put out. 
you are the physical embodiment of the word meh.
deleted
are you marlon or shawn wayans. 
putting on makeup with a paint roller is faster but it doesnt mean it works better. 
did moses part those eye brows
thought this was a snapchat filter at first.
safety goggles to protect him incase a vegetable shows up . 
im serious. you look like a human bowling pin.
your gamer tag must be luke keymia
cancer patients look at you and think thank god i dont have whatever he has.
so basically you get all the downsides of cancer but dont get put out of your misery after a free trip to disney
animal husbandry did not mean what you thought did it.
so whyd you post a picture of the llama.
something tells me you were fired for having sex with the animals.
even with two dicks he still cant get laid 
deleted
perfect spot for a dick since an asshole is right below it.
nice touch. you color coordinated the post it note with your teeth.
socially inept is a weird way to say flatchested. 
deleted
at first i was confused as to why there were no women at your family reunion then after seeing the men in your family i understood why.
so many different shades of the sex offender rainbow here.
more like a summer camp reunion with the camp counselor who gave you zima and taught you all to masturbate 
you may never land a role but im sure youll end up in a trailer 
deleted
an aspiring actress. so what restaurant do you work at.
outside too from the waxy sheen on your face. 
you look like you tried to get a smokey eye look via friction burn
you look like you smell like cigarettes and cum.
17 my ass she at least 32. 
one more year and boys can turn you down legally.
this bitch could walk through an entire mens prison and still come out a virgin. 
haha maybe if im racist against myself theyll think im too cool for roasting
look like someone left a wiener on the grill too long
your hands and face are 17 shades apart.
you forgot to photoshop the top half of your face.
whos the abstract artist that painted your hairline.
pornhub in 3.2.1.
shes probably still worth half a goat 
like the persians of old im sure your mom has also wrestled with 300 men.
she looks like the fucked anthony bourdain in 1978 and never shuts up about it. 
just the big mac and fries thanks.
900 is a lot to pay a month for a baby thats not yours 
you look like you give your kid a pack of cigarettes to play with when you go out for the night 
id watch your twitch stream hoping it was one of those live suicides.
you look like your make up weighs more than you.
i have an unfulfilling desk joblife.never heard someone on myfreewebcams.com refer to it that way.guess you dont get any traffic. its understandable.
no roast just a simple question  is that a fucking walkman. 
so you have one computer.
i like how your mom gave you a belt that you can keep growing into.
someone realized he was gay on his rumspringa.
god already roasted you by giving you the face of a monkey. 
you look like cousin mose had a baby with andy richter
youre not a virgin. russia fucks you up the ass every day 
im not a girl you can look me in the eyes man.edit ill be honest i more or less got this from myself. thanks for my top comment and gilding.
is the side profile hiding what appears to be a unibrow. 
what 3rd world country are you helping so jesus forgives you for screwing half of the womans softball team.
you spent time trying to come up with a clever title and the best you could do with was rhyming christian with bitchin.
nice to meet u christian if it werent for your lack of boobs i would have been sure that youre a chick. 
does that piercing get in the way when you shave your mustache.
your a nein out of 10
you should join the cia i was told they needed more moles
ah. you fell for the old gay test trick. how many of them did you suck.
those teeth wow. jesus man your face looks like those caricatures of asian people theyd hand out as propaganda during wwii
lmao all your clothes were made by your relatives 
you could play the lead in a movie about adam sandlers slowest sperm. 
you look like the kind of guy to ask out a girl have her say no then still be whipped by her.
on the plus side no one wants to talk to you.
destined to stay single just like his unibrow 
at least your eyebrows are still together.
 nice unibrow ed boy. 
your body says yoga and salads but your eyes say porn shoots daddy issues and self loathing. 
you look like a sex doll made specifically for mormons
your makeup probably has more layers than your personality. 
dude i respect your perseverance and am really happy youre pulling through. although im sure your family doesnt feel the same way.
do you have a link to the gofundme where i can help the cancer.
usually chemo gets rid of hair its rare for it to add a shitty mustache 
just reading your title makes me want to friendzone you. 
congrats on having the default face for the custom fifa character. literally a blank slate.
you look like somebody that needs alcohol to have a personality
you look like frozones little brother friend zone. 
when white bros say they cant be racist because they have a black friend youre who theyre talking about.
you look like an actor in an informational film about diversity in the workplace.
sweet an empty alcohol bottle. this will look so awesome on my wall. my friends will think i drink a lot and stuff. you probably
who the fuck keeps angry orchard and heineken as a trophy.
its a shame you missed your mouth and hit the wall instead.
hopefully that .5 is malaria 
i was going to make a dick joke but i dont know which gender you are
didnt they cut the .5 off when they performed the female circumcision.
nice ass edit  chin 
you look like your room is filled with unicorn shit and you broke your hymen with a hairbrush handle.
deleted
good work your face is only about three shades different from the rest of you
your makeup tutorials consist of rubbing cheetos onto a wall and running into it
id thought youd be taller with that much foundation
you forgot to say how many days youve been sober.
hi dave. my name is diet and exercise. weve never met. 
im sorry i voted you off the island dave
you use it as a dildo. we know.
that hair is awful but legally i dont know if it counts as a disability.
you know youre gay when you have orions belt resting on your forehead.
you absolutely have cameras set up in all of the bathrooms. 
i think its so nice that they let the mental patients pretend to have jobs.
please dont go near the heart attack patients they dont need another
slob the builder
its cute that you think you need a hard hat. what are you protecting really.
you didnt just lose a bet at work you lost the genetic lottery.
wipe your lip after rimming
when your father hits you daily but puberty not even once.
feels bad to roast an autistic child.
i havent been this unsure if im looking at something with a d or a v since taking a captcha test 
you first.
what do your eyebrows and your step dad have in common.  they both faded away after things got too dark.  
looks like you traded your pot of gold for meth.
roast you. you look absolutely baked.
you look like you smell like dirty hamster bedding 
is junior firefighter what your stepdad calls you when he has you play with his fire hose.
you put the retard in fire retardant
which locker do they usually shove you in.
cna huh. hows your mary kay side business going.
cna held to professional requirements but paid like the head cashier at the dollar store.honey i cant roast you. youve done that yourself.
youre the poster girl for what kind of white girls do black guys like
you turned 34 on your 16th birthday
you look like a mix between the rat and the ginger from ratatouille
if golum and marylin manson had a baby it still wouldnt have sex with you. 
we all know youre only posting for her since her parents wont let her use the internet unsupervised
if shes the captain then i dont wanna know what the team looks like. 
til gilbert godfrey expects a lot from his kids.
you look like a delivery driver for pizza planet
weird al yankshisdickedit i just realized youre a chick.  i stand by what i said.
your glasses scream 60 year old cougar your hair screams school shooter 
your life goals are more backwards than your roast me sign
does your dorm allow pets. you wouldnt want to leave stuart little all alone back home would you.
compose a piece in gay major for me.  also does this school teach you how to brush your hair.  you could use the help.  your shirt is brighter than your future.
you must be the third sprouse brother that nobody liked. 
that hoodie clearly indicates what happened to your face
 youre from new jersey.
hes got the lobster and shes got the rolls.edit holy crap gold.  thank you very much 
e.t. and his home planet
i agree she is a solid 4. 
probably gonna fail.  the first words the doctor said after delivering you. 
id say you look like a teen mom but you would probably even fail a pregnancy test. 
how are you 30 yrs old and still in highschool.
hello madison you have a face shaped like a guitar pick
yoko hellnono
you look like the starter girlfriend that every white boy in the suburbs already ran through.
looks like youre about to take them from six flags.
did you write roast me on the back of your street beggar sign. 
i can smell the cupcake vape in this photo
lemonade stand doing well huh.
falling for a pyramid scheme  being your own boss. 
im 22 and my own boss. click here to find out how selling knives door to door has helped me achieve my goals.
he couldnt even find a handjob in vegas.
sorry buddy.  the excalibur hotel  casino already has enough gargoyles.
vegas heard. its moving to alaska.
so inbred that you have two layers of breasts. 
u look pissed off your house got a flat tire.
do you feel guilty when you think about other middle school girls while nailing your daughter.
where are your ears.
downs syndrome jack black 
dont sugar coat it.i bet its the first time youve said that.x200b
i would need every last drop of oil from the middle east just to stir fry half of you.
kim jong ug lee
youre gonna need a bigger pan
you look like you dropped out of culinary school because you couldnt be butcher 
i dont know why your dad is sad. he got the boy he always wanted.
i would be sad too if i raised a rooster
you look like a journalist from buzzfeed
i bet you will be the 3rd hottest chilis waitress in 10 years.
you look like every college guys backup when his first three 1 am phone calls are busy.
when your pubes know that no female is every going to see them so they resort to growing on your chin.
if chris griffin grew up to look like peter griffin
saying possible retard implies theres a chance you arent.
my condolences to the dog for suicide but under your watch it was the only way out.
she looks like she plays a demon hunter in a syfy original tv series.
i bet your kitty has had it rough recently too
ladies and gentlemen the power of weaponised autism
dear god i got my virginity back just looking at this.
im sure shell come downstairs and take the after picture in 20 years too.
keep grinding. its hard out there for chubby lesbian rappers nowadays 
spitting while talking doesnt make you a rapper.
you look like your mum cuts up your food for you and washes your jizzy socks without saying a word while secretly praying youll get a girlfriend and a real job.
tbh youve got more the amateur magician who rents himself out to childrens parties so he can pull a penis out of a childs pants look more than anything.
judging by the fact that i dont recognize you and you dont even have modo on your computer im guessing youre the worst kind of magic player a mid level grinder who calls himself a pro so he can act really douchey and condescending to the noobs who dont k
your facial expression is that sweet spot in between debate me and school shooter.
anymore foundation and youll need a building permit.
orders second glass of wine oh my god you guys.  im being soooo bad.
21 live at home wash dishes for a livingjust say housewife
meanwhile your hair is living at a ski resort in an 80s movie.
you can land a 737 in that part in your hair 
brad pity.
neanderthalands
you are beautiful.edit nevermind april 1 was 2 days ago
16 is the age of consent in the netherlands and i still pass.
i see youre waiting under the stairs for the football team again.
i love how you tidied up your room and everything before shooting.
most girls under the staircase will go bareback but not bared kneed  
your channel is dying faster than my nan.
we should really be roasting leukemia for its underwhelming performance.edit hi youtubehttpswww.youtube.comwatch.vidjhq1griaw
i can see your lisp
you look like the older sister in every movie before 2000
modeling 96 victoria secret thongs to cover up 4 worth of pussy
youre lying. you were the main star in the movie antz
he looks like the dungeon and dragons master escaped the basement long enough to discover craft beer. 
kevin james after his career falls apart develops a drug problem gets addicted to child porn and finds a fat boyfriend. 
this pic screams fat guy posts pic pretending to have a girlfriend 
is his beard some sort of conversation starter with young boys who also havent grown their beard yet. he looks like he has the pedophile guilt sweats. 
i dont know. post a pic when he has a beard on his face instead of an adolescentes pubes
tell him to apply more glue its not sticking.
your eyes look like second eyebrows
maybe when you get your degree you can figure out why the fuck a 23 year old would still have his baby teeth
you look like one of the masks from the purge 
you may be able to pass your classes. but you will never be able to pass airport security. 
i didnt know that ivy league schools have technical support representative programs.
let me give you some advicedont go to college. it doesnt take much to know how to run a 711 for the rest of your life. instead spend your money on hiring a stylist because that shirt was only cool if the collar was popped in 2003. you look like the reaso
the semester just started. you must really be a loser if youre failing during syllabus week.
it could be worse. you could spend all your time inside doing nothing drowning your sorrows in something meaningless. oh wait.
you look like you shake vending machines whether you want a snack or not
im sorry your gf broke up with you.at least your eyebrows got together.
thats a long time for someone to not realize their goat is missing 
you look like bert from the middle eastern version of sesame street.
3 jewish men from israel coming in each other. 
i see two boys and a bearded lady.
when asked on an application for occupation do you write west bank.
for the last time ive already unplugged and restarted my router.
genius. billionaire. playboy. philanthropist. hallucinator. not allowed in the us.
even your parents gave up on arranging a marriage for you.
i like that you took the picture in school but forgot the s in roast and then said fuck it and just squeezed it in there
are you wearing foundation.
how ironic johnny cash and a boy who wants to be sue.
you look like 1993
discount silent bob is looking for you.
he looks like he plays goalie on the darts team.
forehead so big even stormtroopers get headshots.
i feel bad roasting someone who still has all her baby teeth.
look at me with both eyes when im roasting you. i guess that huge nose and forehead used up all your skin before your upper lip was formed. 
im not going to support your fetish.
how many children are under those couch cushions.
you seem like a cool dude but im sure everyone in your larping community tells you that.
you look like post malones more forgettable brother most alone. 
you know how the neighbors always say we never would have thought when they are interviewed after the big crime. yours wont. 
game of thrones are still looking for background characters you know
yall arent even japanese just some off brand type asian. 
the other 40 being nagasaki jokes
do you always bump teeth when you kiss .
use an improper integral to calculate the area under that huge nose 
molly ringworm 
only person who ever 3dprinted a sheldon cooper dildo.
deleted
definitely beats his wife princess fiona.
you look like an rpg character creation screen when you get bored and make a fat character. 
another hitchhiker porn vid boring.
probably thought 911 was a gas station
did you spread your legs for the camera or was it pure instinct. 
you dont need college to clean hotel rooms.
youll go to college after youre a single mom of 5 and you start taking online courses so you can post on facebook about how you are a strong mom and dont need any help from no one all while you collect your monthly welfare check and food stamp card.
too dumb to get into college but too ugly to get into porn. theres really no more hope for you
male. you had me fooled for a second margaret.
you look like everyone eating alone in a mall food court.
how do you look like such a child molester and a molested kid at the same time.
hey whats guys scarce hereyou even fucked up the title. you truly live to disappoint first your parents  now the internet.
comment deleted because the federal investigation has made me despise technology and its pretty miserable knowing something like that happened back in 2011 but never getting the slightest bit of clarity to gauge reality moving forward. you cant function 
buttons on that shirt stronger than your will to live 
did isis kick you out for eating all their food.
i can smell the bo through my phone. 
fidel castro with autism
blair walsh wouldve made that field goal yesterday if your teeth were the uprights
cant tell if you need an orthodontist or a civil engineer.
the bourne deficiency 
your school should be in a constant state of lockdown.
unfortunately life found a way.
i zoomed in. bad decision.
.said all of your previous girlfriends.
im glad boredom brought you here because your eyes clearly cant bring you anywhere 
you look like you light candles before you masturbate. 
yet.
i guess two 5s make a 10.but two 3s dont.
for our vision impaired readers on the right is a really cute lesbian and on the left is john travolta in drag. 
if date rape was a fuckin person.
that phone looks older than your boyfriend
is that a bridge stamp on your wrist. if it is do you go ironically or because you actually think bridge is cool. you probably pretend to enjoy cellar every week whilst regretting every moment of your time there.you look like you dont enjoy actually goin
i gotta be honest here with a neck like that i naturally assumed you intuitively knew how reddit works.
the biggest boss fight of your life is with diabetes 
peecha wanchee lockhba tang nannee du chonky troy. solo thawt du mocky chalia.  you episode vireturn of the jedi
judging by your hair your mothers are not the only lesbians in your house.
you have a face that even 2 mothers cannot love
the look in your eyes says my friends made me do this and they think this is funny but ive been contemplating suicide for months and this might be what finally does it.
black isnt that slimming.
you clearly had one attractive parent and one ugly one.
one of the rare times i wish a photo was more pixelated. 
did you play got your nose with owen wilson and just decide to keep it.
i get along with guys way better
the fact that your bed sheets match your step fathers favorite work shirt isnt a coincidence is it.
are the home owners dead or just tied up
this is where my .10 a day is going. fuck.
unatletico madrid
dumb asian loves white boys sounds like my last pornhub search
her parents must be furious with the one child policy 
youre the reason the beatles broke up.
ugh. your shirt. you probably have to wear your ideology on your body because nobody actually wants to fucking talk to you. your appearance betrays your own message because its blatantly obvious from your makeup and tight jeans that you care about lookin
if mayonnaise was a person. 
you mean he identifies as f right.
ps im autistictumblr isnt a professionally recognized form of diagnosis. 
4  11 .82 pounds.is that just your head.go eat something. austism is not the same as anorexia
did you check that weight before or after you threw up your meal.
i respect your taste in music but you dont need ears that goddamn big just to listen to it.
youre telling me that not one not two but four girls didnt want to grab a cokeacola and do the jitterbug last night.
take notes from this guy. more detail makes for a better roast.
she only likes you as a friend.
if you get yourself a girlfriend youll have two beards. 
that car behind you will be ridden more times than you
well youre definitely a vegan.  only someone that pretentious could own 17 guitars and still refer to themself as a minimalist.
is that just a hipster way of saying you are homeless.
tiny house  perfect for hanging out with all your friends.
did your mom sneeze while you were crowning.
not saying shit. dude looks like he has serious retard strength. 
you look like you got kicked out of a movie theater because you were masturbating to toy story 3
these paul blart sequels are getting out of hand 
 i legitimately thought all aussies were cool hip and generally attractive  until i saw this post.
chasing unruly children from the playground and into your van does not make you a bouncer.
he looks like the poster child for kidnappings and amber alert.
apparently he cant take puberty.
im sorry i dont usually like to involve underage girls in roastings.
if chicken broth was a person. 
if your hair looks better than your future im scared for you man. 
you look like the offspring of conan obrien and a pile of instant potatoes 
this guy is washing less hair and more face every day.
great value paul rudd
no surprise you lost. looking at you every girl is running back.
if only you tried as hard to maintain that relationship as youre trying to be funny in this pic
hes seventeen. he looks like a 38 year old virgin working at a gamestop. 
she made the right choice.
your nose has a nose
the only unattractive girl from denmark
i guess it depends.  did you say to the stylist make it a sort of great value 90s jennifer aniston cuz if so well done.
you couldnt even go one fucking sentence without mentioning crossfit huh.
fitting in womens clothes for a living isnt cross fit thats cross dressing.
you are the oldest looking 23 year old ive ever seen. jesus christ.
you did your makeup as lazy as god did your eye
you look as tired as your parents are of your excuses to not move out.
you spelt i take every person anally wrong.
class bio im a devout feminist whos trying to create artificial sperm.
no thanks i just need to know if youre transitioning or not.
clean your room young manwoman
theres 3 assholes in this picture
its pretty rare to see a pilonidal cyst located on the face. 
where are you in this picture though. i only see the greek whore.
you dress like you dropped out of college.
champion of she looked 18 officer
still trying to pick up high school girls. hey baby ive got a drivers license and can buy cigarettes.
that painting looks genuinely upset to be next to you
that dude to your left looks like a complete loser.
youre in an art gallery man. its the one time you might consider paying attention to something other than yourself.
you were probably cute before the stroke.
lightning mcqueen isnt as fast as the guys that leave your apartment once you turn the lights on.
arent special needs children supposed to get a mouth guard so they dont bite the tip of their tongue off.
you look like they type of guy that would let someone bang his wife in exchange for a first round pick and still pick adrian peterson.
great value jonah hill
how do you lose a fantasy football league before the nfl season starts. also fuck you.
keep it classy or get banned. its christmas ffs. classy  refer to our sidebar rules. edit  the roasters not you op.
showing cleavage isnt going to distract us from the train wreck that is your face. 
damn. your face is so oily bp is jealous. 
shit talks 35year old virgins of xbox live all day unaware that one day he will be one of them.
to the surprise of nobody self proclaimed master of cod the i just hit puberty 45 minutes ago pedophile moustashe 
another kid who looks like the pedophile and the victim
obviously. animal fat has been used as lamp fuel for centuries.
hagrid is that you. 
she didnt buy that sweater btw she knitted it from her pubes.
tattoos say tough guy muscle tone says coma patient.
whens your next soundcloud mixtape gonna drop lil crackhead.
you look like you drop the soap on purpose.
its an even gayer ross from friends and his lil latino lover
this is david schwimmer and dave franco if they were middle class and smoked newport cigarettes. 
five bucks usd says that controller smells like lube shit and falafel
you look like a need for speed load screen froze up
is your porn name loosey liu.
guys. enough with the asian jokes. theyre all the same. 
your guns wont help you fight type 2 diabetes next week 
 pro lifeyour arteries would disagree
i wish your parents were prochoice.
i read that in your call centre voice
im not roasting an 8 year old from from the jungle refugee camp
why should we do better than it curry arranged marriage and taxi when you clearly never will.
there are easier ways to get jizz out of your hair. 
hey i know someone like you. except they have cancer not needing attention 
i suppose its okay if youre trying to satisfy your boyfriends boy in the striped pyjamas fetish.
your mate looks like a lesbian biker with a bad comb over.
your mate has the face of  14 year old boy and the body type of a 40 year old child molester.
totally looks like the type of midtransition butch that put the stupid fucking hair swoop there to hide the hanger scar so you dont stare at it while you two are sitting in her subaru listening to tori amos tapes and discussing old softball injuries.
deleted
theres a lot of material for this roast and i feel like this is going to be a hot one but the funniest thing about this photo is the brush. 
arnt you a little old to be dressing like your victims.
how many makeup tutorials did you cry through before you decided on this look.
i recommend less makeup as itll draw less attention to your face. 
vampires arent supposed to eat their victims.
shes accepted being rejected by both genders but youre still hoping there is somebody with a big enough drinking problem to not see your face clearly.
deleted
all roasting aside i find it tremendously sad and cringy that you immediatly define yourselves based on a sexuality you havent even explored yet. really nobody cares about your oriëntation.
the real question here is whos asshole has the most hair on it.
the unfuckables
you look like youre part of a weight watchers support group.
omg motorhead i looooove that brand
you look like a male lesbian.
nothings straight in this picture not even the lines in the .
album of individuals with their respective drawinghttpsimgur.comgalleryeb1u8frequently asked questionscan you draw me.httpswww.fiverr.comkmcc93drawacaricatureofyou find me on fiverr and im happy to there are several options colourcouplesgroups these aren
these are all amazing.  nice work and youll be having a new customer shortly. and fuck yourself by the way. 
all of them probably look better than you 
locked. this is why we cant have nice things. regardless of a persons posting history we welcome all to post in this subreddit and expect people commenting here to follow the rules listed in the sidebar. if your roast lacks any attempt at humor maybe kee
removed
she posts to ramiugly rgonewild and now rroastme. ladies and gentlemen we have the selfconscious attention whore trifecta who constantly wonders if shes good enough. this is the type of bitch who asks you to spit in her mouth during sex. i for one and th
the only thing that would get you more attention than your current haircolour is spontaneously developing cancer.coincidentally it would also be the better hairstyle.
you look like you follow around high school bands and play the skin flute for them backstage. 
shit id have that much wine in my house too if you were my daughter 
intentionally fails highschool so that he can be closer to his prey.
your family tree has more mouth breathers than a synchronised swimming team 
have you learned how to make fire. 
virgin mobile 
looking like a new mario kart character handicapio
whats the point of wearing a seatbelt. its not like it could get any worse.
you look like pablo escobar and paul blart had a bastard baby
its like mario gave up plumbing and became an elevator operator
you look like squidwards house but with a moustache
25 going on 56.
you look like youd have the type of son that just wants to sing and dance  and doesnt want to be the basketball superstar youre pressuring him to be.
you look like you wear khakis and hold your beer up to your chest
your face is so alarming theres a snooze button 
if we want to make a spaniard cry well require a brutal 5 hour work day.
moooollllllllleeeeeeeeee mole mole moleee molllllleeee
i wish it could be 1945 again
you have the muscular definition of a 65 year old als patient
let me guess grandma got her tubes radiated at hiroshima and the family dna never recovered.
in all seriousness how does it feel to know hes masturbated to your facebook pic time and time again.
haha he thinks one day youll let him have sex with you because of how broken you seem
if you look at your recent posts you can see that you asked how to help your only friend with depression and then post her on rroastme. your a shit friend
your life must be less exciting than the life of an npc if youre including your attendance at school in your title. 
well thats probably because 99.8 of the women on this planet find you repulsive
i  bet youre the type of person that thinks 1ply tissue is okay. 
holding the note like the several ept tests you take everyday.
you look like the girl who shows up to backroom casting couch knowing full well its a scam but dont care because youre going to use it to launch your 7 month porn career.see you on bangbros.
i got nothing. its refreshing to see a young trans on here being proud of thier body. 
youre like the poster child for what baby boomers think a millennial is.
im gonna go kill myself now because i own everything you do and seeing you wearing it has really fucked with my self esteem. 
the virgin for life starter pack.
first off cut your hair you look like a woman with that haircut. most girls arent attracted to that look. 2nd delete facebook and hit the gym. you look like a twig you got no chest and your arms are small as hell. itll take a while but im rooting for you
i feel like you havent been kissed because everyone around you is usually trying to avoid a lecture. 
never been kissed. thats so unfair after all the hard work you did helping santa get through the storm. 
 the mods of r4chanalways nice to be commemorated by ones peers.
i need a promotion so i can get a special faggot plaque.
all reddit admins are cum guzzling fuck dumpsters with no self esteem and a raging need for safe spaces.fema camps are real and i am rating this post 9 out of 11 because its suspicious   but we all know that reddit admins cant stop sucking that trump dic
the top hair color came from his aunt and the beard color came from his dad 
the smile says please like me but the eyes say please dont hate me.
you should hang all the fleshlights youve destroyed on the wall too.
assembling a sex doll doesnt count as being a body builder
i didnt know you could have a stroke on both sides of your face.
you look like voldemorts disappointing dipshit son.
wheres the second guy.
until i read your description i just thought it was two lesbians. 
you look like you have  conversations about who has gone the longest without showering. 
just because you have no friends now doesnt mean youd have any at any other point in history. 
that face when your phone auto corrects gender to generation. loved you on seaquest.
im having trouble figuring out if youre just a really effeminate dude or a butt ugly lesbian.
youve reached the age where yo could go to bed every night in funeral clothes. just in case. 
you look like u took a smoke every time one of your students ended up working at a gas station 
every day poops at 7 and wakes up at 8
see people theres an important lesson here it doesnt matter how much money you have  sometimes youll still just never get laid. 
hes not rich his parents are. but apparently not in dna.
guys we better be careful. dont want to offend him to much or hell shoot up the school
wow finally a picture of you online wearing clothes. 
i bet you got a freckle for each time you got fucked in college.
this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this useraposs privacy.    if you would like to do the same add the browser extension greasemonkeyhttpsaddons.mozilla.orgenusfirefoxaddongreasemonkey to firefox and add this open sourc
i slipped and fell just by looking at this picture.
putting rings in your nose because no one will put one on your finger.   
why are you shiny
jesus of methlehem 
this kid beats meat to nickleback songs. 
you spelled jessica wrong
your parents are undoubtedly taking this opportunity to move. there will be no forwarding address.
the only thing more dead than those eyes are your hopes and dreams. 
what was sent to her country as part of the exchange. a pizza box with a single flipflop inside.
tons of anarchy
you look like hagrid if he was a recovering crack addict in a halfway house
im going to assume no vegetables were eaten off of the plate you are holding.
you look like storebrand miranda cosgrove
i am almost certain you at one point drew a comic of you and your rat getting married 
if you didnt say rodent lover id assume that was your twin sister
body of a 40 year old male  head of a 6 year old kid 
your face looks like when you see your reflection in a spoon
i bet youre real good at opening jars. 
i have a hunch the girl on the left goes on tinder and only uses group selfies with the girl on the right to match with more dudes
girl on the left is too easy to roast while girl on the right is just too easy. 
girl on right took cumshot to face.girl on left took buckshot to face.
maybe you should consider converting. the jewish people have suffered enough.
relax the war is over. you dont need to dye your hair blonde.
im surprised this pic didnt have a dog filter on it
your tattoo should read delusion if you think you can grow a beard
just because you made your girlfriend disappear doesnt make you a magician.
the greatest magic trick you could pull off would be to become employable. 
hey vsauce michael here  
24 42.  id have believed either.  howd you go that bald that fast.  damn.
hey vsauce missing chromosome here
looks like someone photoshopped a face on a finger. 
i dont mean to alarm you but i think someone has flipped your ear upsidedown
how the fuck do you pull off having no chin and 2 chins at the same time. its like schrödingers cat but the goddamn box is already open. 
florida man irl
please teach me how to get a v shaped beer gut. 
im not gay but 20 dollars is 20 dollars. 
you look like ed sheerans retarded brother
that car is the only wet thing you will ever be inside.
you look like a before photo for mike myers fat bastard character. 
your forehead looks like a nestle crunch bar.
king my ass. he took so many ls out there its carved into that haircut
your head is missing a tetris block. 
the malnourished crimson chin
i just want to pop off his lego hair.
hes probably that guy that either smiles or winks at a customer when they pay for condoms. 
popeye the trailer man.
your eye socket is your tightest hole.
huh didnt think there was a market for elderly gay pirates.
does the one child policy count if you mail your kid to a different country.
a made in china ricegum. 
youre the reason canadians feel sorry.
hugh grant had sex with peter dinklage 
nicknamed jesus because your death would redeem everyone else on the planet right now.
jesus. is their natural reaction to seeing you not what they named you.
lucky for you that dick size doesnt matter when youre a bottom
you look like a jewish zac efron 
you look like the basis for every rejected acapella singer in the opening sequence of pitch perfect
is lesbian another word for a girl who cant be bothered with her personal appearance 
how is it possible to look 16 and 87 at the same time.
trump is your president.
anime scientist who specializes in underage pornographic holograms.
guessing this isnt the first time you told a group of strangers to go hardedit this roast is all of my karma. thanks
youre a hipster harry.
deleted
youre completely boring.  if it werent for the fauxpunk exterior not a single person would ever do a double take on you.  youre a female wallflower you adorn yourself with piercings and chokers and hipster frames to distract from how overall plain and un
down side of fucking you is getting herpes. upside of fucking you is youll definitely get the abortion. 
you look like youve travelled to 10 different countries and still dont have an original thought
the bags are supposed to go in the overhead compartment not under your eyes. 
you look like one of those pictures where they flip the girls eyes upside down. edit why is this my most liked comment. lol. 
roatht me
i deeply wonder the shape of a sandwich after he takes his first bite.
a conversation between you and mike tyson would be an airbending battle
i feel like you tell yourself you hate frat bros and everything they stand for but get really insecure when they dont even notice you at a party. 
dont lie. you cant be an engineering student and wake up happy.
i didnt know the cowardly lion from the wizard of oz became a transgender
why are your feet the same length as your shins. this has to be an optical illusion i refuse to believe this is real. i cant tell if youre high or youre smuggling some extra chromosomes in your clown shoes but your face makes me upset. if your whole aest
your commanding officer is particularly fond of your 360 degree vision
apparently your eyes are not on good terms with each other
virgin mobile.
no way dude. be proud of your accomplishments. stand up and take a bow.
all you need to do now is come out as gay then you can be a fruit and a vegetable.
nice logitech speakers you stupid bitch. im new to this. sorry 
you look like the kind of girl that cries during her webcam shows
if you ate all that make up maybe youd be beautiful on the inside.
you look like you shower together. 
budget incest martinez twins.
i guess that towel in the background is for the both of you.
i throw my underwear straight under the bed so my wife doesnt see my skidmarks.
hairline weaker than steeler defence.
steve jobless 
i never knew ears could be innies.
your eyes look like two vaginas taking a shit.
holding up a big pizza box wont make you look less fat.
httpimgur.comjmgelac
do you think the baby will look more like you or your brother.
deleted
you make people more uncomfortable on planes than the seat recline mechanism
your hair looks like a fire hazard and your face looks like a child hazard 
he looks about 2 genes away from being a gorilla.
thank you for taking each other out of the dating pool.
congrats your future kids forehead will have its own zip code.
im just curious which of you lost your anal virginity first.
and im gonna guess rgonewild is next.
you have more gum than the wrigley factory.
the football team rates you e for everyone
you look like you bathe in olive oil.extra virgin.
you could take some of that eyebrow hair and fill in the 6 hairs on your chin. 
has the look of a college age duche who still attends highschool parties.
at grandmas house again.
dog mans only friend.
im impressed that a dog could become a software engineer 
you look like youd be really fucking annoying 
i bet shes a good instructor guys in her class will not be distracted.
the most culture youll ever have is that yeast infection 
you forgot solves mysteries with a talking dog
i dont think youre worth 110 pounds to anyone.
do you rub your face in the popcorn to butter it.
heeeeeeey vsauce isis here.
i bet youve always wanted to play the classic twin switcheroo on a double date but you both have to get a fucking date first.
showing this to my kids to explain the difference between cocaine and weed
til rats can be gay
how do you really know youre gay by age eleven.
that chin has done more speed bagging than muhammad ali.
three things that finger has never touched exercise equipment proactiv and pussy. 
yeah video games. thats what kept you from getting laid.
boy your beard made out of care bear dick hair
quit lying we all know you keep the door open in case your dad ever comes back. 
for just 15 upvotes a day you can help roast this poor african child. 
unlike your neighbors whose doors are always locked 
she looks like the veteran stripper other strippers call mom. 
deleted
the fact shes hanging out with swagserpent69 is enough 
just grab the money off the dresser and leave please. 
i guess the beauty sleep didnt work. 
i bet youre popular in the local pubs. those teeth would be excellent beer openers. 
those rings get used as a knuckle duster to fight off all your stepdads. 
voted most likely to hiss at you when you pass by her in the hallway. 
youd make a great practice girl.
looks like a mix between freddy mercury and some antivirus seller
that cro magnon forehead tells me that he cannot read that watch but is merely fascinated by the ticking noise. 
your classic latino fuck boy starter pack wife beater acid washed jeans oversized watch. 
youre like a budget ice cube.
the only time she goes back after black. like immediately.
you look like an obese lesbian aunt who gets offended when nobody eats your mash potatoes  
please make this your last post anywhere. 
you really let yourself go after moana premiered. 
i see youre not a fan of one piece of cake.
deleted  0.0813  what is this.httpspastebin.comfcrfs94k26246
no one is gonna mention that were obviously roasting the love child of elaine and kramer. 
dont ever take the advice follow your nose.  it will lead you in circles.
you wasted an hour
you look like a dude cosplaying as maisie williams
preop or post op. 
he looks like he came in last place in fantasy gay lumberjack logrolling.
your friend has a shitty taste in friends.
its nice your league let in the mentally challenged.
its a before during and after photos of a transition from female to male.
these are definitely the kids whose body odor lingers for hours after  their game of dungeons and dragons in the library
arent you that fake grunge rock band that shows up in antidrug commercials.
you look like a tired single mother of three who works as a waitress and lies about her age to attempt to bamboozle some dude into falling in love with you but then you nag him crazy and he leaves and then the loop continues like youre in a sad romantic 
messy hair bug eyes big nose bad complexion and no tits. what were you feeling cocky about. 
you look like steve buschemi cosplaying as river song. 
youve nailed your miss piggy cosplay
you look like buzz lightyear after his transition 
its the middle of summer why are you storing so many nuts in your cheeks for winter already.
you look like the kind of couple that has a joint facebook account because one of you cheated . 
you can clearly tell this was her idea.  normally i would roast but fuck the pain in that mans eyes. working a job he hates to provide for kids that arent even his and so she can spend money on stupid shit at target like that ugly polo. feel for you bro.
guy on the left looks like he is working his way up to used car salesmen.  keep at it buddy you wont be a porter all your life.  girl on the right looks like she only half grew out of her teenage lesbo goth phase.  god damn why do i suspect that one day 
you look like someone tried to dress his mail order bride up as a white woman for variety. 
youre the kind of gal a guy only takes home if hes happy with the risk that you might have a penis. 
you look like a transsexual porcelain doll
your hair looks like a baseball cap of autism 
what did you tell your barber. make me look like a retarded ace ventura.
i feel like i could unscrew and remove your hair in one piece tie it to a rope and use it as bait to catch lonely business men.
i guess your radio station doesnt play soul music.
i hope youre bisexual.youre going to need all the chances you can get.
is the radio your only legal way to speak with kids.
youd think she could remember the a. its been her cup size since puberty.
i guess its not weird to tell your own brother focus on my ass when your face looks like tweety bird dipped in a deep fryer
are you standing in front of the door so no one else can leave you.
im pretty sure thats all youve done in the past 19 years.
how sticky are those toys behind you. 
is hentai considered a proper anime nowadays.
deleted
your face is the perfect storm between a trapped sneeze and a released fart 
see this is why i dont give money to homeless people on the streets. if they can afford smart phones with internet access they dont need my money.
if we roasted you we could feed half of africa 
hes immune to diets as well.
welp if life fails you. you could always become a 4chin teller.
you look like an advertisement for date rape
mayor of the friend zone.
im not like the other guys   asks for nudessex on the second snap  
i thought bioware just fixed this. 
i want to look at your face to think of sonething bad to say but it keeps fucking morphing i cant decide where anything is in relation to anything else its like your face is a moving carnival mirror.
you know how the eyes of the mona lisa follow you around the room. you have the other thing.
i dont even want to roast you. i genuinely feel bad. 
if a coin flip decided your gender it would land on its side. 
if waffle house had a mascot
thanks for telling me his race. i almost made a south pacific islanders joke.
he looks like the nemesis in every kids movie of the 90s.
hes not flipping you off. his finger is stuck that way from sitting on it for too long.
body says 12 face says 16 guys say no
the only thing smaller than your social circle is your cup size.
you look like you run a fitness instagram with 3 followers your mom and 2 pedophiles who only like you for your 11 yearold looking face
you two look like you spend your afternoons in shisha bars bragging about how progressive you are for letting your wives go to middle school
ahmed engineer puts the bombs together. john english teacheris in charge of the subtitles on the videos sent to al jazeera.
do you mean roast us or are you sending a message roast u.s..
you are he human equivalent of wet bread.
youre so bland your parents often say who. when friends ask how their kids are doing.
anne hathaways antacid fart
you have an attitude that says im bored but also boring.
how many years were you held back.
he looks like the guy that still dates 15 year old girls at 26. he walks around town with his skateboard while school is in and hopes that if he buys underage kids beer theyll stick around since all of the people he went to high school with grew up and d
just because she left you doesnt make you a stay at home dad. 
 stay at home dad that tattoo on your head pretty much told us that you were unemployable.
you look like you became a parent because you heard they had to make sacrifices 
user name does not check out.
do you still keep in touch with the other goonies.
i see bad breath and new balances in this photograph 
thanks for the l
im still pissed that you lay in bed for 20 years but could suddenly dance  jump around once you got the chance to visit a chocolate factory with your grandson. 
the great depression lives on in your pants.
no doubt this guy goes home to his loving family after a day of getting really good grades calls his mom a bitch and goes to his room wondering why life is just so hard.
that girl is really edgy. 
suburban gangsta. wouldnt last one day in juvie hall.
